{"Heads up: Apple Music doesn't trigger 5x points on Chase Freedom (and it should)": ["My internet and wireless phone bills were on autopay with a different card.  So for the next 3 months, I just have to manually pay the bills with Freedom before autopay took place at the end of the month.  It's about $300 x 3 months = $900.   But I only get 900 x 2 = 1800 UR points extra because my autopay card is Chase Ink Preferred which gave 3x points on internet and phone.   I guess 1800 points is better than nothing.  I won't be getting gas as I only have EV cars.    I used to get Amazon gift cards from 7/11 gas station, but now I have Amazon 5% card on the account, it doesn't really make sense to buy 5 UR points gift card in place of 5% cash.", "I don't SPECTRUM existed 10 years ago under that name, did it?", "Does anybody know which gas stations in Tennessee sell VGC with CC? There is no 7-11 here. I saw $500 VGCs at Pilot gas station, and they allowed me to buy it with CC, but it didn't pass through, I guess it's hardcoded. Need to utilize my 6 Freedom cards this quarter. It was a blast to buy VGCs at 7-11 in CA, but I moved.", "In that case, you may want to update your FT Profile. It still says SJC/SFO, which made me wonder why you were asking about Tennessee until I finished reading your post.", "Why yes; they've used the name since the 80s. You might be thinking of somebody else.  Spectrum Entertainment Carnival", "Of course I'm thinking of somebody else: The company actually called Spectrum (no other words in the name): https://www.spectrum.net/ That company called exactly Spectrum is a merger of Charter Cable and Time Warner Cable, and so that's why I said I doubt it existed 10 years ago as exactly Spectrum. Besides, while the website URL you gave just calls the company you're talking about \"Spectrum Entertianment\", the actual web page that pulls up just uses the name \"Spectrum Carnival\", with no mention of \"Entertainment\" being part of the name. So they can't even seem to make up their minds as to what their own name is!", "1", "2", "Does using Chase pay at gas station qualify for gas station category? I would assume it would count since it's like using Apple pay at a merchant.", "Don't see why it shouldn't. Chase Pay is just a way to use your Chase card and doesn't impact what a merchant codes as.", "Well buying GC's at gas stations continue to be problem for the Q1 2020 category. In Q3 last year I was able to go to a local 7 Eleven and got the guy to let me buy an Amazon GC with my CF, no problem. The other night I went to the same 7 Eleven and a different guy was working and said he couldnt do it unless it was cash or debit. I asked why and that I had bought a GC there before, he just said that was what he was told. By who and when? No Answer.  I just dont understand this weird rule with Gas stations?! When home improvement is the category I can walk into any Lowes or Home Depot, go straight to the GC section, pick one up and go straight to the register and pay with my CF card and they dont even bat an eyelid. Zero problem! What sort of fraud are they worried about, my name is on the credit card and I can show my I.D. - What is the problem??? Are they operating under some urban myth of a scam that just isn't true?", "Yes, they are operating under an urban myth.  It is called \u201cprofit.\u201d", "Profit for who? Gas station or credit card company?", "It doesn\u0092t really matter which one, or both.  Neither wants a sale with no profit.", "Well in the case of the gas station it could be that they dont want to pay the credit card transaction fee on a non-profit sale, but if so, why dont they just say that? They're usually franchises owned by a small business person so I get that. However, none of the workers or managers there can seem to give a reason other than its some vague rule that they were told by someone. Even with cash purchase of GC's are they making a profit? Why do gas stations carry GC's at all then? Do they in fact get a piece of a GC sale? I dont know but it would be interesting to find out. In the case of the credit card company part of the reason I have one of their premium credit cards is for the points transfer perks. It their cost of doing business and competing with other credit card issuers. I didnt create the game I just play it. If its their rule well then I guess some people are getting around it by searching for a gas station that doesnt care about either scenario. The urban myth part of my comment above was that it seems that there is some feeling of it being a scam to buy GC's with a credit card which is false. I suppose someone could steal a credit card and then immediately go make a big GC purchase but just a minimal amount of verification of identity would solve that concern.", "Why would you expect a clerk in a gas station to understand (and be able or willing to explain to you) the owner\u0092s business model? The gas station owner has no reason to modify his/her business practices to facilitate your credit card spending goals. As to your second point, it is extremely unlikely that your credit card issuer is the same company that is selling the gift cards  (and setting the rules) in the 7-11 store that you wandered into.  They are different companies, with different motivations and different rules.  The company selling the gift cards did not, in fact, issue you \u0093one of their premium credit cards\u0094 \u0097\u0097- even if they both say \u0093Visa\u0094 on the front.", "To be fair, buying gift cards is a well known way of cashing out cloned credit cards. Combine that with gas stations being one of the merchant categories with higher fraud rates (especially since most pumps are swipe only, not to mention that many didn't even get chip inside until recently), I'm not surprised a lot of gas stations don't approve.", "Fair enough.", "Heads up: Apple Music doesn't trigger 5x points on Chase Freedom (and it should)    I just activated a Chase Freedom, and was expecting my monthly Apple Music charge to trigger the 5x point reward as Apple Music is listed under the \"select streaming service\" reward category for this quarter. It only triggered the regular 1x point. I'm assuming that's because the charge appears as \"Apple.com/bill\" on the statement, which doesn't suggest anything about Apple Music. I called Chase to alert them -- this effectively removes Apple Music from the 5x reward category for all customers -- and the representative said they'll escalate the issue. No clue how they'll fix this -- all recurring Apple charges appear under \"Apple.com/bill,\" blind to the service provided -- but anyway, figured I'd give folks a heads up if you want your Apple Music bill to be rewarded accordingly this quarter.", "They didn't at least fix yours?   I contacted Chase one time for missing bonus and they gave me the same standard response saying it is the merchant's decision to select their category but they manually issue the points to me.", "Since Apple Music is listed, Chase should be able to give you a manual credit. There is no need to fix it as those manual credits won't count against your $1500 total.", "Quote: Yes, they said they\u0092ll manually adjust the credit for me. What I meant by \u0093fix\u0094 is how they\u0092ll make sure all customers can get 5x rewards for Apple Music if the charge itself doesn\u0092t trigger the reward, since it\u0092s a vague \u0093Apple bill\u0094 on the statement.", "There seems to be some wonky category postings. Payment made on the same portal (two different accounts) posted to different categories; although I believed the Jan 3 transaction initially had coded to \"Bills &amp; Utilities\" before the switch, which is why I see still 5x despite the (updated) \"Entertainment\" category. Jan 7, 2020 SPECTRUM Bills &amp; Utilities Jan 3, 2010 SPECTRUM Entertainment Not on the Freedom card, but Sapphire had coded an obvious transit charge to the \"Shopping\" category.", "1", "3"], "Keeping Capital One Venture? [Cancel, Exchange, Retention Offers]": ["I get tired of seeing customer services experiences like this. Bank reps need to smarten up.   Horchata likes this.", "I also ran into the same issue.  Downgraded the venture card to quick silver.  Was told that annual fees will be reversed and it never did.  When I called customer service they told me that once the annual fees is assessed they cannot reverse the change even I do a product change because of their terms and conditions.  So be careful with Capitalone.", "Haven't paid an AF on the Venture card since I got it with the match your miles bonus. %59 fee hit yesterday, I called and was told that corporate had decided no more AF waivers. I asked to escalate and got the same message. I have until April 15 to cancel the card and reverse the fee. Asked about converting to the 1.25 venture card and was told that was possible but that the fee wouldn't reverse since I was converting. I guess I'm going to finally cancel completely. Too many other cards out there with better than 1% bonuses. And I've been using them -- my spend on the Venture was only $10,500 last year, down a third from prior years. Will try again in a few weeks.  Otherwise decide if the $59 fee is worth the extra $105 in rebates.", "Also had the same experience that fee could not be waived. Cust svc rep could ni t explain upgrade or downgrade options. Cancelled the card", "$95 AF just posted for my one year old Venture card. CSR credited me $95 to keep it open.  ~$3,500 in spend last 12 months.   akr1970akr likes this.", "Just called in and was able to get my $59 annual fee waived with no hassle - it showed up for the rep right away. Have not paid the fee since opening the card in 2012. I do have Capital One 360 Savings &amp; Checking balances, which may contribute to their willingness to waive the fee.", "Nice. I too had those accounts (though small balances) AND their brokerage but still they played hardball w/ me and would not waive. Glad they allowed you waivers so many times!", "was able to get the $95 fee waived on my venture one card by calling CSR - wasn't a hassle for me. About $7k spend in the past 12 months", "Your Venture One has an annual fee? Strange. Might as well get yourself a Venture card.", "Called CSR regarding the $95 AMF on the Venture card that hit almost 2 months ago. CSR checked and said a waiver is available - didn't need to pretend to cancel or downgrade. First AMF on the account, about $15K spend (mostly Hotels.com) since opening.", "I have a Venture and Spark for Business, opened last November. Planning on keeping one. Which is a good option to keep?", "I'd keep the Venture. Were you able to make the 50k spend for the 200k bonus miles? If so, you should definitely drop the Spark. They just offered the promo again, and maybe will continue to do so in the future. If so, you could churn another 200k.   VinsTravel likes this.", "I called the day that my annual fee posted two times. One time I got an offshore rep and in the morning I used the \"backdoor\" number that I found on google. I spent around 8k-10k on this card last year. They said I only have options to downgrade even when I mentioned the Citi Double Cash essentially provides the same benefit and I was thinking of cancelling. Any idea when fee waiver might potentially show up in account or how to ask for it?", "Fee waived on first call!    I called the number on back of the card. Spoke to a very upbeat and helpful gentleman who immediately understood why I had called. He waived the fee after looking at the account. It took just five minutes. Very pleased with their agent, their app, no foreign transaction fee and ease of use of miles. Spent $10-12K last year and will continue to use it to diversify from Chase and Amex points   akr1970akr likes this.", "13", "17", "18", "19", "20", "21", "22"], "Barclays Arrival Plus, now 70K w/$5k spend": ["Perfect, good looking out.", "Well, my AF just posted.  I guess I will apply my remaining points to some travel charges I had directed to this card and will then call to request a fee waiver.  I won\u0092t keep the card without some sort of retention offer.", "Well, I called and after the usual rigmarole about all the great benefits I'm going to miss, I was offered the option to downgrade to a no-AF card, presumably Arrival (without the plus). Since I redeemed most of the \"miles\" by now, I declined and closed the card.", "I'm in a similar boat and have yet to make the call. Without an AF, why not downgrade and sock drawer it to preserve the CL?", "I am not the person you asked, but I am sharing the same boat. I want to simplify my life. A credit card that doesn\u2019t do anything for me, especially if relatively new (got the A+ a year ago), isn\u2019t worth keeping even if it doesn\u2019t cost an annual fee. The loss of a $12k credit line doesn\u2019t bother me. The one feature I am considering as a plus of the A+/A cards is the PIN capability for international travel. I mostly have no issues with my preferred card (CSR), but did use the A+ a couple of times for unattended ticket vending machines last year. I was curious to see if it would accept my PIN (it did); I did not compare with the CSR at the time. I still have the Aviator Red card (with the same PIN behavior, I believe). Also on the chopping block, though, once the final 10k AA RDMs post. My ultimate fallback PIN card is a European bank issued MasterCard. Earns me nothing, but good to have for that occasional unattended gas pump. In short, if they offer me the downgrade, I might take it. Have some more European trips coming up, so I can experiment some more with other cards. But it would likely be canceled soon as part of my \u201csimplification\u201d project. Note to self: review USA EMV cards: Availability, Q&amp;A (Chip &amp; PIN or Signature) [2017&gt;] https://www.spotterswiki.com/emv/index.php EkekoBWI likes this.", "Likewise, only reason I app'ed for this is, of course, the bonus. $89 fee for a 2% travel credit only restricted to increments minimum 10K points threshold? No thanks.   notquiteaff likes this.", "Is it increments of 10k? I thought it was the minimum (for travel). I was actually looking for what the increment was the other day since I have some 11800 points to burn.", "You're right, it's minimum 10K.  I just didn't imagine anyone would have that much remaining after nearly a year!  By the way, not that you would want to, but you could use that to offset the annual fee.", "I'm getting deep in the weeds, but the one exception to the 10k threshold ($100 credit) correctly noted above is AF: every 2,500 miles for each $25, as I understand it. Even that doesn't answer the larger question, \"But, why keep it?\" Is it 60 days from AF hitting to be reimbursed in full when canceling or does Barclays operate by different rules?", "Only reason I can envision is unlike nqtaff one has less than 10K and didn't want it to go entirely to waste?  Far as I know, they're subjected to the consumer card act for personal cards, but I'm unsure if it's 30 or 60 days.   notquiteaff likes this.", "No interest in paying the AF in any way.  There are several NAF 2% cash back cards I could use instead if I wanted a flat rebate card.   I still have nearly 12k points because I put some estimated taxes on it, to get my remaining balance beyond the redeemable threshold.  Made some 5 bucks on it, I think (1.87% fee for tax processor) .  Silly games  Visconti likes this.", "I get it, completely. Generally, I never use Paypal but did so with my Freedom on WN flights originating from SFO (assuming it's hard to claim travel insurance from my home airport for \"reasonable expenses\" - you know, don't think that HMB Ritz idea of mine would pass the smell test) because of the rotating 5% thing. Post 2008 (even before), we've been in the golden age of sign up bonuses here in the States that will unlikely be seen again for a long time once this is over. People outside the US are now beginning to understand how great we've had it in this game for a very long time. Here's the thing. Even if we could pay for everything, why in the world would we subsidize the cheesers? Are we chumps? While I'm not willing to break any laws or Amex/Chase T&amp;Cs (the rest I couldn't care less and don't need them, ever), I have no compunction pillaging them until this golden freebie era is behind us.", "Has anyone tried getting a passport renewal fee reimbursed, probably as a manual request?  I doubt it but read one case here of success with a visa fee. Thanks.", "188", "238", "278", "282", "283", "284", "285", "286", "287", "I bought Universal Studios Hollywood tickets this summer -- through UndercoverTourist.com -- and it worked. A theme park itself may not code as travel, but if you go through a third-party travel agency (or possibly even through Universal's own vacation line if they allow ticket purchases without lodging through that division) it should work next time.", "I've been having an issue getting my 500 miles for completing a profile in the Barclays Travel Community. It's been over a month, and my profile there still shows 0 Community Miles, and no miles have been posted to my linked Barclays Travel+ account. I read there was a longstanding bug preventing miles from being displayed in the Community page, but they still should have been posted to my linked account after the 1st of September. When I messaged Barclays customer service, they replied:  Quote:  ...and asked for documentation that I was offered this \"promotion\". But AFAIK this is procedure is just outlined on the respective sites (barclaycardus.com and barclaycardtravel.com) shown to all users, not a targeted promotion. Anyone else have trouble getting 500 miles? Any pointers?", "No luck, but I'm having the same issue. I've had the card since 2013 and never bothered to sign up for the travel community. Now, I'm hoping to receive the 500 bonus miles in order to hit the minimum redemption threshold more quickly (only use the card for my spotify subscription). I find it strange the CSR says it is a targeted offer; the terms read as if the opportunity to earn bonus points via the travel community is a feature of the card. Hope you can get them to grant you those points.", "Here's what I got today: Quote:", "Awesome, I'll try that route. Thanks!", "Barclays Arrival cards - gone for good?    With AF coming up in the next billing cycle, I thought I'd downgrade my Arrival+ to no AF Arrival. But that card is nowhere to be found on the Barclays web site, nor do I see any recent mention of a similar downgrade here. Can someone confirm if Barclays Arrival cards are now history? If so, any other options for keeping the points w/o the AF?", "What did they say when you called the number on the back of the card and asked about this?", "My A+ card is about to post the annual fee, and I\u0092ll be calling about an AF waiver.  But if they don\u0092t offer one, I will simply apply my accumulated points to some travel expenses I have built up and call it a day, i.e., cancel the card. It\u0092s not one I am emotionally attached to,  There will be a few leftover points, but it doesn\u0092t seem worth worrying about those.", "I haven't called yet, will do after the holidays. I fully expect to be offered no options and will apply the remaining points to some travel expenses I had in the last 120 days, and then close the card.", "Rumor has it that they're only going to do cobranded cards from here on out. The fact that those appear to be all of the ones on their website seems to bear that out, but it's possible you can still downgrade to the no-AF version. Guess one will need to call in to confirm either way.", "My no-AF Arrival still works. I got an Aviator Red around August 2018 and was unable to PC after the second year's AF hit (admittedly, I only called once to inquire). So PCs are not guaranteed even for card families with more life in them.", "With my AF hitting in Jan, looks like canceling is best option now that's there's no AF-free Barclays option. Anyone get the AF waived / credited?", "I hope not. I believe in April 2018 they anticipated all products to feature the new Barclays branding by 2020. Perhaps they will relaunch all of the Barclaycard products as Barclays next year. In March of last year someone spotted new card art for Arrival @ https://www.doctorofcredit.com/new-b...-arrival-card/", "So I just called A+ number on the back of the card and was told that this card is now invitation only. Also, there are no downgrades, upgrades, or product changes. If you have this card, you either pay the AF, or cancel. I only talked to one CSR. Would be interested to see if anyone else has other input.  I did ask if I could product change to the Premier, and was told no.", "Or use the travel credit against the AF.", "187", "237", "277", "281", "282", "283", "284", "285", "286", "288"], "Bank of America Reconsideration?": ["You need to wait to the snail mail letter to find out the reason for the decline. IMHO it's a waste of time to try to figure out what else to do without that information. Is that total inquiries across the 3 bureaus, or the number of inquiries on whichever bureau that BofA pulled? If BofA only pulled one bureau, all that matters is the inquires on that bureau, not the total inquiries across the 3 bureaus. Meanwhile, do you need $10k CL on your Travel Rewards card?  At BofA, it's prudent to reduce the CL on a new card to as little as you need (to stay below 30% of the CL on any expected future purchases), because BofA can take many many months to free up CL from an old card to be available for new applications.  That's the way to make CL available to new applications at BofA.", "To be clear, the Reconsideration rep told me I have 13 inquiries, lack of installment loan, and lack of significant deposits in my bank account. Are you telling me the letter will be more clear and concise as to what I need to do to get this application approved?", "No, the letter will tell you why the application was rejected. You cannot change the number of inquiries or retroactively create other types of activity on your credit report(s). Sounds as if you should take a year off opening credit cards and use what you have.", "Oh? It sounds like you have experience on this. I thought the reasons that the reconsideration rep outlined were official. Do you think I have a lot of inquiries? It seems like lots of people churn. I think 13 inquiries over 2 years ain't that bad right? At the end of the day, I did paid all of my bills on time and don't keep any balances. I just don't get it.", "13 over 2 years sounds like a lot in my personal opinion.  Were they all credit cardss? Were they all opened/some rejected?", "No. Some are charge cards from AMEX. I think all were ultimately approved cuz I also dealt with Chase reconsideration. I thought you guys got more than 13 inquiries over 2 years. I'm averaging less than 10 per year.", "13 inquiries on one bureau (which is presumably what they told you) is a lot in today's world at several banks. Now, perhaps you are unlucky enough to have every single card pull the same bureau, but still. Someone who isn't doing MS and doesn't have a lot of business expenses is not likely to be able to necessarily do the minimum spend on that many cards a year while still earning category bonuses on cards they already have. I have only about 7 inquiries on 1 bureau and 1 or 2 inquiries on another bureau (0 on the third), and I've been churning several cards (most with higher spend requirements) a year still. But then at least 1 application was for an Amex card where they did not do a hard pull at all (as they often don't for longtime Amex cardholders), so I probably applied for one or two cards more in the past 2 years than my inquiries total shows. (I've been churning almost solely business cards, so my N/24 count is well below 5, despite all those inquiries.)", "I don't know what else to tell you. That's what the rep told me over the phone. I guess I'm locked out of Bank of America then. Oh well. I don't think I can go through 2020 without a new app since I got a card lineup in mind. I guess I'll try other banks then.", "can confirm that 0401 is the only valid number left for personal recon.  similar situation, they pulled my experian and said i had 8 inquiries (7 of which are biz cards, majority chase) over last 2 years.. even if i called in to say these are all business credit cards.. they will still say 1) too short of relationship with BOA. only 1 alaska card from 6 months ago. 2) no deposits or other accounts with them. apparently they are very big on relationship to open cc", "6", "10", "11", "12", "13", "14", "15", "I just got my recon failed, reason being too many account. It is true I am a churner and had 7/12. Asked what is the # I have to get down to within a month, she said she couldn't answer. Asked if opening a CD or bank account or investment account would help, she said she couldn't answer. Then what is her job?", "I mean, they aren't required to disclose specifics with their underwriting such as how many new accounts are acceptable. It could definitely vary with one's profile. You won't necessarily be approved just because you fall below the \"threshold\" (if there is even a firm one) for new accounts. Keep in mind that all regular underwriting would still apply. Sometimes we fixate too much on these \"x/y/z/12/24\" rules and forget that overall profile still matters and that banks are unlikely to give you specifics such as \"when you are below xyz, you will be approved\". They won't tell you these things because it's not like they want to promise you an approval later, only to have you upset if you are denied for some other reason.", "It just very well maybe (and likely is) whoever you spoke with simply doesn't have the authority/function to approve your requests. Nor are allowed to give information you requested either because they do not know themselves, and or there is  script which must be followed that provides a standard answer. In nearly all areas of CS today who can see or do what is tightly controlled *upstairs*.  Going from a Tier 1 CSA to \"retention\" or whatever still may not get someone what they want because the system is programs are what they are. Years (decades) ago when things were largely paper and pen, and or far less powerful computer systems were in use yes, it was possible to get low level rep or someone to speak personally with a supervisor or someone that could override a system generated response. That today is largely gone. Those who make the decisions/write programs or whatever for approvals, acceptance, retention, offers, etc... likely are far removed from CS departments and take their marching orders from *upstairs*. That is whatever goals BofA or any other CC company has in mind. Probably only persons with enough juice to override these decisions are CEOs and some others very high up on the food chain. CSR, supervisors, various other \"review\" departments obviously don't have that kind of pull. The latter three maybe able to finesse things to within acceptable set parameters, but again the system is what it is.", "I was just denied for the Amtrak World MC (which I've had in the past). Also have credit scores 800+, flawless history. Recon rep cited too many new CC accounts in the past year (3 in the past year, yet none in the past 6 months), and no banking relationship with BofA. However, I have a 17-year continuous CC relationship (2 cards currently open with BofA), which apparently doesn't count for much. She also cited my weak spending on the existing CCs. I offered to reallocate credit from another card, no dice. I just opened a basic Rewards Savings account, plan to dump six figures into it then call back towards the end of the 90-day recon window, and to also put significantly more spend on my existing BofA CCs. I'll be down to 2 new CCs in the past year at that point, and hopefully the savings deposit being in place for a few months by then (plus the spend activity) will help?   LWT3 likes this.", "Since when was 3/24 or 4/24 a lot? I'm at 4/24 if we only take personal cards into account since business cards don't show up on our credit reports right? I've had a BoA credit card for 13 years now, but I put little spending on it since the earn rate sucks. Now I have a card in mind, but you guys are getting me worried.", "Can BoA see that you have biz cards? If not, then your profile looks better since you won't appear as a churner to them right? I've had a BoA credit card and chequing account with them for 13 years now. When I see posts like these, it makes me think that I won't get my new app approved. Can BoA see the credit inquiries on my report? I haven't put my spending on BoA over the years because I just have a basic credit card with them. It's hardly worth the time to put any spending on it. I only kept the card to help make my credit history look good.", "My strategy worked: I made a large savings deposit and was immediately approved for the AGR card upon reconsideration. I would have waited a big longer to let the savings sit. But when I made the deposit in-branch, the teller intro'd me to a manager (naturally, attempting to grow the relationship, pitch me ML products, etc.). At the end of the conversation, I mentioned my denied card app in passing. We called recon together and voila. ^ Incidentally, my wife has zero prior history with BofA and a shorter credit history/lower score, but she was approved for the AGR card instantly online. Looking forward to the 80K combined bonuses!   808traveler likes this.", "Phone Number for Business Card Reconsideration?    Hi all. Searched the post, tried the numbers in the wiki, and yes, the only one that works is 800-354-0401 to get to a live person. However, that live person is in Consumer and couldn't do anything other than to transfer me to someone. Where I sat on hold for 45 minutes earlier listening to inane hold music before having to leave for a meeting. On hold right now for 35 minutes and counting right now while I work.  Anyone have a phone number that works? My stats shouldn't have been an issue, over 800 scores, no personal cards since November 2018, 4 in the last 24 months, thought the Alaska Business Card would be easy...", "I got through for a business card at 866-570-1603. Hold time was probably 25-30 minutes though and they did a business review asking revenue, profit, years in business, etc.", "Thank you! Tried the number and after 20 minutes, got through. My apologies application is now upgraded to in process and pending...", "This number worked.  I actually got a live person almost immediately.  Needed to verify an application due to a fraud alert.", "I miss-dialed. May still be working", "Business Card Numbers    These numbers go directly to the business card credit department. Wait times can be brutal but these are verified numbers to reach a person. It was suggested that calling between 6 pm and 7 pm Eastern time may have shorter wait times. 877-665-5020 877-261-3494 My wife applied for the business card for a new business with $0 income. After faxing the previous two years tax returns per their request, the app was denied. Reason: too little info and no relationship with the bank. The agent said a checking account qualifies as a relationship but did not have a suggested minimum balance or other information.", "Long story short, but I tried to apply for the Bank of America Asiana Card over the phone. The rep was unable to tell me the status after I gave her my info so I checked online. Unfortunately for me, I got declined and this is my first application declined in a while. Not sure what to do and I'm sure my credit score is not a problem. I currently have a Bank of America Travel Rewards card with a credit limit approaching $10,000. What can I do with reconsideration to get my application approved? My understanding is that I can't do a product transfer from BoA Travel Rewards to the Asiana card. If BoA cannot extend anymore credit to me, is it possible to shift some credit from my Travel Rewards card to help get that application approved? Thank you!", "No one here got declined by BoA recently? So I called BoA Recon and asked about my application. They said they cannot reallocate credit from my existing account to help open the Asiana card. Furthermore, I have 6 inquiries in 2019 and a total of 13 inquiries in 2 years. Is this a lot? I don't have an installment loan because I don't need a loan. Even though I don't have any late payments and my bills are always paid in full, I'm still denied. I don't have a lot of deposits in my BoA chequing account because it doesn't make any sense to deposit a lot of money into an account that accrue almost no interest...So what do I do now? Apparently the decision stand and I'm not sure how to move forward on this.", "5", "9", "10", "11", "12", "13", "14", "16"], "How to re-enable United Mileage Plus Explorer signup?": ["which card is this and can I product switch to this from a Chase MileagePlan CC?", "It's the old Chase MileagePlus (non-Explorer) card, with no AF and weak earning (1 mile/$2 in spend).  They certainly still exist; my DW has one, which she downgraded to from an Explorer card a few years back, even after the no-fee card had stopped being something you could sign up for directly. The wiki for the current Chase downgrade thread and its predecessor  both mention this as a possible downgrade option, although I don't recall seeing any recent data points, so the info may be stale.", "I have downgraded two cards to both the Mileage Plus and Travel Bank no fee versions in mid 2019.   beltway likes this.", "Is the no-fee MileagePlus card just for keeping the credit line open, or does that also have the increased award availability, BG2 boarding, etc.?", "My wife applied for a CIP Biz card and got the \"We have received your request for a Chase credit card. We'll let you know our decision as soon as possible.\" note. With the 65K offer ending on Wednesday, is it OK for her to apply for this card now or do I need to wait on a decision on the CIP card?  I'd apply myself, but I'm at 6/24.  She's at 3 or 4/24.", "I sill have increased award availability. I downgraded to this card in case I ever need to upgrade back to the Explorer card while being over 5/24. Quote: Applying for another Chase card prior to the CIP being approved could put that application at risk.   beltway likes this.", "OK.    Thanks.  Wish I had seen the end date for the offer before going for the CIP.  Oh well, guess I'll have to wait and maybe go for the CIU in a month or so.", "Can anyone else confirm this?  That's half the reason I keep the MPE card.", "Theres a no fee UA card?", "Yes: https://www.chase.com/personal/credi...k/earn-rewards There is also a free card that is not open for applications, but might still be open for downgrades.", "I want to apply for the new United MPE offer that came out today 60K for $3K spend.  I just looked and received my last bonus on the MPE on 1/16/18, so its been 24 months, barely.  I still have that account open, however, I downgraded it to the free version of the card a year ago.  Am I good to apply for this one?", "Any ideas on how to generate a referral link for the current 60k SUB with $3k spend?  My referral link points to 40k SUB with $2k spend.", "Did the business version of the Explorer card go away?  All I see now is the New \"Business\" card.", "Wont Honor $250 Statement Credit Promo    1/12/20 Signed up for United Explorer Chase Visa while on the United Airlines site shopping for flights. Link said $250 statement credit within 6-8 wks after 1st purchase. Got the card no Info about $250?? Called Chase Got manager and big RUNAROUND excuse saying yes there is such an offer but you didnt get that one.. I said I have screenshot.. They did not care..just kept telling me about offer i supposedly signed up for. CAN YOU SPELL BAIT N SWITCH!!  Im so angry with Chase being a liar about this ... how could I possibly know about an offer much less have screenshot of it. .I needed to book the flight I had paid for a fair lock while waiting for the card to arrive.. The Manager DANIEL (no name) stated hed have a higher manager call me within 72 hrs..No Calls, No msgs. Chase You Are A Liar!!  Beware People..", "15", "55", "59", "60", "61", "62", "63", "64", "offer is once every 2 years, so yes, sounds like it. FYI the current offer is 40k for 2k spend during first 3 months + 25k bonus for 10k spend in first 6 months. So $1667/mo for the first 6 months gets you 65k miles.", "Hi, anyone know if you get a free bag on a Lufthansa codeshare flight booked on United.com?", "The T&amp;Cs literally say: Eligible Cardmembers will receive their applicable standard checked bag free on flights operated by United or United Express; codeshare flights are not eligible. Check out this thread for more info: Mileage Plus Branded Credit Card and Checked Baggage Fees", "Bueno, merci.", "Quote: Any other recent experiences to share? My birthday is about 10 days before the annual fee is due (it's been billed, and closing date is bday+10).  If I apply for GE should I expect to see the reimbursement before I close my account (I assume they won't reimburse once account is closed)? If I won't get reimbursement I'll open another card and then apply later . . . I have 364 days.", "charged GE fee on 12/22 credit already there on 12/26   drewguy and TravelinSperry like this.", "What if my first flight is on United but my connection is on Air Canada?", "It will still be free, as soon as your ticket show it is free.", "thanks!", "The question is whether you check in with a United counter or not. At the United counter, the bag fee is waived. At the counter of any other airline, it is not. For a UA-AC connection you'd check in at UA, obviously, so you're covered.   greg0ire likes this.", "GE reimbursement for family member    Has anyone tried reimbursing GE fees for family member instead of primary card holder (two scenarios out there - family member as additional card user and family member with not an additional card holder) ... wondering if they just reimburse based on transaction", "Yes, for a family member who is not an authorized user. The credit was based on the transaction, not the applicant.   IndyHoosier likes this.", "Hi all, I have the Chase United Explorer MileagePlus CC which is up for renewal end of the month. I am not keen on paying for the annual fee as I do not use the card. I was thinking of either downgrading or cancelling the card all together. What I do use the card for is booking rewards flights - when I'm booking a United rewards flights, and I sign in, there sometimes is a foot note that says \" Exclusively available to you as a MileagePlus Chase Cardmember\" Are there any cards I could switch to that offers additional award search results or is it only the MileagePlus CC? Thanks", "All 3 of Chase's United-branded CCs, AFAIK, as well as cards no longer being offered like the Select.", "But not the legacy no-fee card, I assume.", "14", "54", "58", "59", "60", "61", "62", "63", "65"], "Best Credit Card For Large Yearly Spends": ["large purchase coming up, best way to capitalize?    Hi all, I'm hurting my brain trying to figure out the best way to do this. I have a large cash purchase coming up (vicinity of $47,000), and I'm trying to gain as much out of this as I can...if it's possible. I'm open to getting a new card, but it has to be pretty soon as I'm making the purchase on 10/1.  I currently fly only Delta (platinum medallion), and stay at Marriott family hotels. Current credit cards:  US Bank Altitude Reserve, Delta Reserve Amex (my main card, so I can hit the 30/60K boosts and I've already hit the 60K one this year), Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant and a random Amex card I never use (blue?) I've been looking at services like Plastiq or something as simple as Paypal since Venmo has a cap on purchases. What are you best recommendations for making something like this worth it, rather than just writing a check. Thanks!", "If the recipient only accepts cash and you\u0092re looking to services like Plastiq to pay with a card anyway, there\u0092s almost no way to get it to make sense given the fees involved. The sole exception is if you hit a bonus threshold.", "Best Credit Card For Large Yearly Spends    I started a small business last year and had terrible credit at the time. It has, over the course of the last year, grown into a mid-size business. I paid for everything up front this year using debit cards and spent almost 1 million on advertising, 100-150k on travel expenses (all flights on delta), and another 500k on other items that could have been paid for on credit cards. In total I spent just under 2 mil this year that could have been put on credit cards. My business is in the black and we have no loans or debt of any kind. My credit score has improved drastically, but I am only at 690 with Experian. I expect my business spend to increase by about 20% next year and we will continue to run in the black the entire year. I'd like to actually put the spend to use somehow, but I have no idea how best to do that.", "Welcome to FT, shummer79! And, congratulations on your successful business! The first step in your credit card decision is to articulate your goals. Would you like to save money in order to reinvest back into your young business (that would definately be my recommendation at this point in your business lifecycle)? If so, finding a 2% cash back card would help with that objective. Here is one option:  https://www.fidelity.com/cash-manage...signature-card Good luck to you.", "I spend about 1 million a year on credit cards for business.  Does anyone know of any domestic airline card that gives \"top tier\" status for spend alone on their branded cards?    DL waives the spend requirement after one spends 250k/year on their card but I believe they still require a certain amount of flights.  United caps spend only at either Gold or Platinum and not 1K.   I was hoping by spending so much on one airline card I could get top elite status with that airline.   Many thanks.", "Well if you split the $1m between Delta cards that earn MQM, you may be able to.  I guess 60K MQM from the Reserve, then another 20K MQM from the Delta Platinum, which brings you to Diamond MQD waived + 80K MQM, so you'd reach Platinum.  Diamond would still be a bit away though... Don't forget about Jetblue Mosaic after $50K on their card, also Silver on Virgin Atlantic is attainable after via their card.", "The only card gives you outright status is JetBlue.  But it has a smaller footprint. DL is a possibility.  If you fly it often.", "Best Card for a large purchase - Plat Amex or Chase Sapphire Reserve    Hi.  Making a large purchase ($25k) and not sure which card will net me the best mileage option, Amex Platinum or Chase Sapphire Reserve.  All advice welcome.", "I would say all things being equal pick the one that you find is harder to earn points on. I find it alot harder to earn UR so I would probably pick Chase.", "Whichever one you go with, suggest that you call the applicable card issuer and alert them to your planned large purchase.", "If you typically transfer your points, keep in mind that Amex offers transfer bonuses whereas Chase does not.", "21", "25", "26", "27", "28", "29", "30"], "large purchase coming up, best way to capitalize?": ["large purchase coming up, best way to capitalize?    Hi all, I'm hurting my brain trying to figure out the best way to do this. I have a large cash purchase coming up (vicinity of $47,000), and I'm trying to gain as much out of this as I can...if it's possible. I'm open to getting a new card, but it has to be pretty soon as I'm making the purchase on 10/1.  I currently fly only Delta (platinum medallion), and stay at Marriott family hotels. Current credit cards:  US Bank Altitude Reserve, Delta Reserve Amex (my main card, so I can hit the 30/60K boosts and I've already hit the 60K one this year), Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant and a random Amex card I never use (blue?) I've been looking at services like Plastiq or something as simple as Paypal since Venmo has a cap on purchases. What are you best recommendations for making something like this worth it, rather than just writing a check. Thanks!", "If the recipient only accepts cash and you\u0092re looking to services like Plastiq to pay with a card anyway, there\u0092s almost no way to get it to make sense given the fees involved. The sole exception is if you hit a bonus threshold.", "Best Credit Card For Large Yearly Spends    I started a small business last year and had terrible credit at the time. It has, over the course of the last year, grown into a mid-size business. I paid for everything up front this year using debit cards and spent almost 1 million on advertising, 100-150k on travel expenses (all flights on delta), and another 500k on other items that could have been paid for on credit cards. In total I spent just under 2 mil this year that could have been put on credit cards. My business is in the black and we have no loans or debt of any kind. My credit score has improved drastically, but I am only at 690 with Experian. I expect my business spend to increase by about 20% next year and we will continue to run in the black the entire year. I'd like to actually put the spend to use somehow, but I have no idea how best to do that.", "Welcome to FT, shummer79! And, congratulations on your successful business! The first step in your credit card decision is to articulate your goals. Would you like to save money in order to reinvest back into your young business (that would definately be my recommendation at this point in your business lifecycle)? If so, finding a 2% cash back card would help with that objective. Here is one option:  https://www.fidelity.com/cash-manage...signature-card Good luck to you.", "I spend about 1 million a year on credit cards for business.  Does anyone know of any domestic airline card that gives \"top tier\" status for spend alone on their branded cards?    DL waives the spend requirement after one spends 250k/year on their card but I believe they still require a certain amount of flights.  United caps spend only at either Gold or Platinum and not 1K.   I was hoping by spending so much on one airline card I could get top elite status with that airline.   Many thanks.", "Well if you split the $1m between Delta cards that earn MQM, you may be able to.  I guess 60K MQM from the Reserve, then another 20K MQM from the Delta Platinum, which brings you to Diamond MQD waived + 80K MQM, so you'd reach Platinum.  Diamond would still be a bit away though... Don't forget about Jetblue Mosaic after $50K on their card, also Silver on Virgin Atlantic is attainable after via their card.", "The only card gives you outright status is JetBlue.  But it has a smaller footprint. DL is a possibility.  If you fly it often.", "Best Card for a large purchase - Plat Amex or Chase Sapphire Reserve    Hi.  Making a large purchase ($25k) and not sure which card will net me the best mileage option, Amex Platinum or Chase Sapphire Reserve.  All advice welcome.", "I would say all things being equal pick the one that you find is harder to earn points on. I find it alot harder to earn UR so I would probably pick Chase.", "Whichever one you go with, suggest that you call the applicable card issuer and alert them to your planned large purchase.", "If you typically transfer your points, keep in mind that Amex offers transfer bonuses whereas Chase does not.", "21", "25", "26", "27", "28", "29", "30"], "AAdvantage Red Aviator": ["Finally got approved again! Had to move some credit over from an existing Jetblue card though but no biggie. I don't remember exactly when but here's a rough timeline. I applied for the US Airways card a couple months before the switch to aviator red (don't even remember the month and year I applied). The switch happened to a world mastercard. Then barclaycard sent me a letter saying it would be switched to a world elite mastercard. I think 6 months after, I applied for another aviator red while the US Airways/Aviator Red was still active. The credit analyst I spoke to said that since the product name of the first one was different from the one I applied for, it would be approved.  Both of those aviator reds were closed last year. I've been trying to get approved for at least a year. Applied this morning with an AA offer (offer was the same as the public one) and got that 10 day message. Checked app status and it showed declined. Called a credit analyst at barclaycard and somewhere in his talk, he said that he could pull my credit and see what he could do. One of the things he asked me was if I was willing to move some credit from my Jetblue card to open the new one. That was the quickest yes I've ever said in my life lol.", "If anyone knows if there are any special promos for opening this card for January 2020 please post. Curious whats advertised in the on board magazine this month. To answer my own question looks like ad is the same deal as December Page 39 has ad http://americanway.ink-live.com/html...d-a945e5687ccc", "New (first time) cardholder application denial question    Hoping I put this in the right place? Helping a friend who has never had a credit card or a mortgage - but has plenty of resources - owns 6 houses, manages then as rentals, makes ~96K/year. Has tax returns current all that jazz. I tried to help him get started on a mileage program as he has been using his debit card only for decades. His credit score according to Karma is 750. He has plenty in a couple bank accounts and investments with Schwab of 300K or more. He's 72, but not very computer or credit savvy cuz he's always used cash or his debit. He did get a Nissan Auto Loan (first in his lifetime) for $34K about 4-5 months ago. Because I have 2 Barclays - I helped him fill out the Barclay 60K bonus card app (personal). In about a week he got a denial cuz he has zero credit history. (Including nothing negative) - only 1 hard pull from this application showing. Is this one where we should call in and plead his case with a human? Or is there a better solution? There's still Citi - because we're shooting for AA miles for OneWorld Travel.. Thank you in advance.....", "What your friend could do is try calling Barclaycard's backdoor number. The call essentially goes straight to a credit analyst. They're the ones that can potentially change the denial to an approval. I called them a month ago after applying for the Aviator Red and seeing a denial not too soon after. After a bit of talking, the credit analyst allowed me to move credit over from an existing account to open this one. So you never know. Check your messages..   bloomz likes this.", "6", "56", "96", "100", "101", "102", "103", "104", "105"], "AA aviator card... how much time needed before I reapply?": ["Finally got approved again! Had to move some credit over from an existing Jetblue card though but no biggie. I don't remember exactly when but here's a rough timeline. I applied for the US Airways card a couple months before the switch to aviator red (don't even remember the month and year I applied). The switch happened to a world mastercard. Then barclaycard sent me a letter saying it would be switched to a world elite mastercard. I think 6 months after, I applied for another aviator red while the US Airways/Aviator Red was still active. The credit analyst I spoke to said that since the product name of the first one was different from the one I applied for, it would be approved.  Both of those aviator reds were closed last year. I've been trying to get approved for at least a year. Applied this morning with an AA offer (offer was the same as the public one) and got that 10 day message. Checked app status and it showed declined. Called a credit analyst at barclaycard and somewhere in his talk, he said that he could pull my credit and see what he could do. One of the things he asked me was if I was willing to move some credit from my Jetblue card to open the new one. That was the quickest yes I've ever said in my life lol.", "If anyone knows if there are any special promos for opening this card for January 2020 please post. Curious whats advertised in the on board magazine this month. To answer my own question looks like ad is the same deal as December Page 39 has ad http://americanway.ink-live.com/html...d-a945e5687ccc", "New (first time) cardholder application denial question    Hoping I put this in the right place? Helping a friend who has never had a credit card or a mortgage - but has plenty of resources - owns 6 houses, manages then as rentals, makes ~96K/year. Has tax returns current all that jazz. I tried to help him get started on a mileage program as he has been using his debit card only for decades. His credit score according to Karma is 750. He has plenty in a couple bank accounts and investments with Schwab of 300K or more. He's 72, but not very computer or credit savvy cuz he's always used cash or his debit. He did get a Nissan Auto Loan (first in his lifetime) for $34K about 4-5 months ago. Because I have 2 Barclays - I helped him fill out the Barclay 60K bonus card app (personal). In about a week he got a denial cuz he has zero credit history. (Including nothing negative) - only 1 hard pull from this application showing. Is this one where we should call in and plead his case with a human? Or is there a better solution? There's still Citi - because we're shooting for AA miles for OneWorld Travel.. Thank you in advance.....", "What your friend could do is try calling Barclaycard's backdoor number. The call essentially goes straight to a credit analyst. They're the ones that can potentially change the denial to an approval. I called them a month ago after applying for the Aviator Red and seeing a denial not too soon after. After a bit of talking, the credit analyst allowed me to move credit over from an existing account to open this one. So you never know. Check your messages..   bloomz likes this.", "6", "56", "96", "100", "101", "102", "103", "104", "105"], "Worried about BoA Alaska Airlines Credit Card Denial": ["just following up: I called BOFA and you can manually add the referral (2k for card holder and referral for employee) up to 30 days after application approval...Cheers.", "More of a question regarding BOFA rules. But if I applied under 30 days ago for a Alaska Business Card am I still able to apply for say the Asiana personal Card (BoFA) ASAP?", "Its been a long time since I applied for a credit card.  I am good with the 2/3/4 rule. Just read there is now a 24 month rule. I am thinking about applying for the Personal Alaska Airlines credit card.  Under the T and C I not not see the 24 month restriction \"This card will not be available to you if you currently have or have had the card in the preceding 24 month period. This does not apply to the business credit card product.\" I read the T and C very carefully and I only see the language of new account only for bonus. My last personal card with Alaska Airlines was about 1 1/2 years ago.  Should I be okay with the 24 month restriction as I don't see it on the T and C? Also, will Alaska Airlines approve the application if it doesn't meet the 2/3/4 and 24 month restriction rule?", "If you mean that it's been a long time since you applied for any credit card (from any bank), then yes. But otherwise, BofA is also implementing something very roughly similar to Chase 5/24, but with variations. But the simple way to put it is:  If you're LOL/24, chances are you'll have problems now at BofA too. As you can see, the original 2/3/4 thread has been expanded to cover other anti-churning rules and its title has been altered in the process; BofA's anti-churning policies: 2/3/4 (BofA cards), 3/12 or 7/12 (all banks)", "5", "55", "95", "99", "100", "101", "102", "103", "104", "Every person's credit situation (and application, even) is different, and I was just speculating as to the reason for mflyer1's success, in comparison to their previous lack thereof. All other things being equal, I think everyone would agree that less HPs are better than more, which would seem to be what mflyer1 freshly brought to the table the last time around. In addition, I think a lot of us would agree that BoA is more sensitive now to various churner characteristics, HPs definitely included, than they used to be.", "Which credit bureau does BoA pull for business credit cards?  Mostly TransUnion?", "Depends. They've pulled TU and EXP on ours. Shouldn't matter though should it?   Dream of Flying likes this.", "They don't pull business credit reports. You are responsible for the account. That's why they want your SS #.", "They may pull business credit reports, but that would be in addition to pulling a personal credit report. When they denied me earlier this year, it was on the basis of saying that my business credit history was too thin. Of course, that's because they used a business credit report which didn't show all banks that I had had business cards with (it couldn't have shown any Amex business cards, for example). But obviously they had to pull some business credit report to be able to make this (faulty) determination. My personal credit history has one card that goes back 30ish years, another that goes back 20ish years, and I have a credit score well above 800 per CK. So the only thing they thought was thin was my business credit report (they claimed only 2 business cards and only in the past 2 years or so, and 1 of those was a previous BofA Alaska business card). By that time'd I'd had several Amex business cards over several years, a Citi business cards about 3 years ago, a couple Chase business cards in the past year or two, and a US Bank business card. I would guess that it was the US Bank card that was the other business card they saw, since that was the only bank other than BofA with which I'd had only one business card and only in the last 2 years or so.", "Well I hope they don\u2019t pull EX since it already has 6 inquiries while TU only has 2.  I am looking at BoA Biz and US Bank Biz cards, both are said to likely pull TU.", "Hate BoA but love Alaska. Low on miles so called up Alaska reservations, told the agent I was going to apply for business card, did he want me to add his employee # b/c application had spot for it, he gladly gave me his #, approved but with only 11.5k. Lent a friend 202k miles and she'll pay be back by charging 202K to my cards. Still hate BoA.", "Recently applied for Biz class with legit business history of 10yrs. No history with BOFA. Application went pending. Received an email asking to open $1K CD for recon. All done &amp; was finally approved on 12/18. Recently denied AA Citi Biz card. Am thinking of applying for personal one too, CS 785..what are the chances of it getting approved. Have not opened any new personal credit card in many years cause mostly all has been under business.", "Feeling emboldened. Plan on opening a business Alaska cc for my husband this morn, after I call Alaska and get an employee # for the extra 2k. He's way under 5/24, but this month was approved for personal &amp; business Chase SWA (it's his time to get the SWA CP as I'm finishing up my 2 yr SWA CP). I'd forgotten we used to rinse and repeat Alaska Air cards for years, but then stopped using them altogether (together we have about 30 cards). BoA cancelled the whole bunch (the nerve of them). If I remember correctly, they always waivse the AF too. My shame: I never used the companion ticket, but will this go round. We still use the expired cards to get into museums for free. Love that benefit.", "Any idea if BOFA will match the 40k offer i signed up for for the 42k offer i have been seeing? (i was approved a week ago...)? Thanks!", "Anyone has experience applying two business cards - one legit business name using FEIN and other one for part time business using personal name as business using SSN?", "I have two Alaska business cards from BOA with SSN only.", "Can you tell me how far apart did you apply your business cards? Did you have to prove anything for the 2nd business? Thx!", "42,000 offer is one offered onboard AS flight or Alaska BEYOND magazine. Application must be turned in to FA or add their employee name /number on application. You could tell them you intended to apply at Alaskaoffer.com. This is the 42,000 site. For AS Signature card. that said, calling in and asking might be worth a try. BofA is not as customer service friendly- as Alaska airlines is.", "applied 3 months apart and both approved instantly. been BOA customer more than 15 years.   jiaogulan likes this.", "4", "54", "94", "98", "99", "100", "101", "102", "103", "105"], "Making large purchase but which c card?": ["large purchase coming up, best way to capitalize?    Hi all, I'm hurting my brain trying to figure out the best way to do this. I have a large cash purchase coming up (vicinity of $47,000), and I'm trying to gain as much out of this as I can...if it's possible. I'm open to getting a new card, but it has to be pretty soon as I'm making the purchase on 10/1.  I currently fly only Delta (platinum medallion), and stay at Marriott family hotels. Current credit cards:  US Bank Altitude Reserve, Delta Reserve Amex (my main card, so I can hit the 30/60K boosts and I've already hit the 60K one this year), Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant and a random Amex card I never use (blue?) I've been looking at services like Plastiq or something as simple as Paypal since Venmo has a cap on purchases. What are you best recommendations for making something like this worth it, rather than just writing a check. Thanks!", "If the recipient only accepts cash and you\u0092re looking to services like Plastiq to pay with a card anyway, there\u0092s almost no way to get it to make sense given the fees involved. The sole exception is if you hit a bonus threshold.", "Best Credit Card For Large Yearly Spends    I started a small business last year and had terrible credit at the time. It has, over the course of the last year, grown into a mid-size business. I paid for everything up front this year using debit cards and spent almost 1 million on advertising, 100-150k on travel expenses (all flights on delta), and another 500k on other items that could have been paid for on credit cards. In total I spent just under 2 mil this year that could have been put on credit cards. My business is in the black and we have no loans or debt of any kind. My credit score has improved drastically, but I am only at 690 with Experian. I expect my business spend to increase by about 20% next year and we will continue to run in the black the entire year. I'd like to actually put the spend to use somehow, but I have no idea how best to do that.", "Welcome to FT, shummer79! And, congratulations on your successful business! The first step in your credit card decision is to articulate your goals. Would you like to save money in order to reinvest back into your young business (that would definately be my recommendation at this point in your business lifecycle)? If so, finding a 2% cash back card would help with that objective. Here is one option:  https://www.fidelity.com/cash-manage...signature-card Good luck to you.", "I spend about 1 million a year on credit cards for business.  Does anyone know of any domestic airline card that gives \"top tier\" status for spend alone on their branded cards?    DL waives the spend requirement after one spends 250k/year on their card but I believe they still require a certain amount of flights.  United caps spend only at either Gold or Platinum and not 1K.   I was hoping by spending so much on one airline card I could get top elite status with that airline.   Many thanks.", "Well if you split the $1m between Delta cards that earn MQM, you may be able to.  I guess 60K MQM from the Reserve, then another 20K MQM from the Delta Platinum, which brings you to Diamond MQD waived + 80K MQM, so you'd reach Platinum.  Diamond would still be a bit away though... Don't forget about Jetblue Mosaic after $50K on their card, also Silver on Virgin Atlantic is attainable after via their card.", "The only card gives you outright status is JetBlue.  But it has a smaller footprint. DL is a possibility.  If you fly it often.", "Best Card for a large purchase - Plat Amex or Chase Sapphire Reserve    Hi.  Making a large purchase ($25k) and not sure which card will net me the best mileage option, Amex Platinum or Chase Sapphire Reserve.  All advice welcome.", "I would say all things being equal pick the one that you find is harder to earn points on. I find it alot harder to earn UR so I would probably pick Chase.", "Whichever one you go with, suggest that you call the applicable card issuer and alert them to your planned large purchase.", "If you typically transfer your points, keep in mind that Amex offers transfer bonuses whereas Chase does not.", "21", "25", "26", "27", "28", "29", "30"], "Best credit card to furnish house": ["large purchase coming up, best way to capitalize?    Hi all, I'm hurting my brain trying to figure out the best way to do this. I have a large cash purchase coming up (vicinity of $47,000), and I'm trying to gain as much out of this as I can...if it's possible. I'm open to getting a new card, but it has to be pretty soon as I'm making the purchase on 10/1.  I currently fly only Delta (platinum medallion), and stay at Marriott family hotels. Current credit cards:  US Bank Altitude Reserve, Delta Reserve Amex (my main card, so I can hit the 30/60K boosts and I've already hit the 60K one this year), Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant and a random Amex card I never use (blue?) I've been looking at services like Plastiq or something as simple as Paypal since Venmo has a cap on purchases. What are you best recommendations for making something like this worth it, rather than just writing a check. Thanks!", "If the recipient only accepts cash and you\u0092re looking to services like Plastiq to pay with a card anyway, there\u0092s almost no way to get it to make sense given the fees involved. The sole exception is if you hit a bonus threshold.", "Best Credit Card For Large Yearly Spends    I started a small business last year and had terrible credit at the time. It has, over the course of the last year, grown into a mid-size business. I paid for everything up front this year using debit cards and spent almost 1 million on advertising, 100-150k on travel expenses (all flights on delta), and another 500k on other items that could have been paid for on credit cards. In total I spent just under 2 mil this year that could have been put on credit cards. My business is in the black and we have no loans or debt of any kind. My credit score has improved drastically, but I am only at 690 with Experian. I expect my business spend to increase by about 20% next year and we will continue to run in the black the entire year. I'd like to actually put the spend to use somehow, but I have no idea how best to do that.", "Welcome to FT, shummer79! And, congratulations on your successful business! The first step in your credit card decision is to articulate your goals. Would you like to save money in order to reinvest back into your young business (that would definately be my recommendation at this point in your business lifecycle)? If so, finding a 2% cash back card would help with that objective. Here is one option:  https://www.fidelity.com/cash-manage...signature-card Good luck to you.", "I spend about 1 million a year on credit cards for business.  Does anyone know of any domestic airline card that gives \"top tier\" status for spend alone on their branded cards?    DL waives the spend requirement after one spends 250k/year on their card but I believe they still require a certain amount of flights.  United caps spend only at either Gold or Platinum and not 1K.   I was hoping by spending so much on one airline card I could get top elite status with that airline.   Many thanks.", "Well if you split the $1m between Delta cards that earn MQM, you may be able to.  I guess 60K MQM from the Reserve, then another 20K MQM from the Delta Platinum, which brings you to Diamond MQD waived + 80K MQM, so you'd reach Platinum.  Diamond would still be a bit away though... Don't forget about Jetblue Mosaic after $50K on their card, also Silver on Virgin Atlantic is attainable after via their card.", "The only card gives you outright status is JetBlue.  But it has a smaller footprint. DL is a possibility.  If you fly it often.", "Best Card for a large purchase - Plat Amex or Chase Sapphire Reserve    Hi.  Making a large purchase ($25k) and not sure which card will net me the best mileage option, Amex Platinum or Chase Sapphire Reserve.  All advice welcome.", "I would say all things being equal pick the one that you find is harder to earn points on. I find it alot harder to earn UR so I would probably pick Chase.", "Whichever one you go with, suggest that you call the applicable card issuer and alert them to your planned large purchase.", "If you typically transfer your points, keep in mind that Amex offers transfer bonuses whereas Chase does not.", "21", "25", "26", "27", "28", "29", "30"], "Is Capital One always this slow?": ["Later on, if you decide you don't want to pay the annual fee, you can downgrade to the VentureOne (which is what we did).  What's cool about that (for us anyway) is that it still gives us access to the Cap One/Hotels.com deal.  You still get 10 points per dollar with that, so really more points from the deal if you have the Venture One card.   tstauck likes this.", "I have the Venture Rewards card. How hard is it to get the Spark for Business card ? I have a small (&lt; $5K) side business, excellent credit, but a lot of recent cards.", "DP: Successfully used Capital One miles to purchase erase Undercover Tourist charge (for Universal Orlando tickets)", "Anyone have experience using purchase erase for VRBO charges? I've read that Chase now considers VRBO to be travel (at least most of the time), but I can't find any hard evidence on Capital One.", "My wife just got a targeted offer of the Cap One Venture card with a 60k signup bonus. I am leary of Cap One, having personally been denied recently and the Cap One three bureau credit pull. Also, my wife's credit score dropped from 810 to 720 five months ago, and she has five other CCs open. Normally, I wouldn't even consider having her apply for this card, but are her chances approved with the targeted offer?? Clearly, the offer was generated well after the credit score drop, so presumably Cap One is not unhappy about the 720 score.  Any experiences with targeted offers would be appreciated.", "To update this with a DP now that I've made the booking, in my case the rental company who posted the property on VRBO was the merchant on the CC charge, with VRBO showing up for the \"service fee\" portion, which was about 10% of the total booking charge. The actual VRBO charge showed up as \"other services\" so I couldn't use purchase eraser for that portion but fortunately the rental company charge coded as \"lodging\" so I was able to use purchase eraser for 90% of the total booking fee. I did ask them what their MCC was just to see what Cap One considers travel, but the rental company wouldn't tell me other than to say they were listed as \"vacation rentals.\" In any event I've read that sometimes these merchants show up as Real Estate or Other Services, so YMMV. I also don't know if VRBO ever takes the full booking fee themselves or if the majority portion is always passed on to the property manager or owner directly. I'd be interested to hear if anyone else has experience with this for future reference, as well as how airbnb works. I typically use the Chase Ultimate Reward portal to book hotels at 1.5c per point with my CSR (or transfer to Hyatt, etc directly), but started accruing Capital One Rewards Miles specifically for vacation rentals as there aren't many other ways to use points for those properties.", "I applied for the Cap One Venture card, not as a targeted offer, with about a 720 score and got an instant $10k+ credit line approval.  That was my 4th card for 2019 and no issues (Discover, Marriott AMEX, Barclays about every 3 months before that). Hope that helps.", "My wife applied this morning and was rejected, even though she has apparently had less recent credit card activity than you.   So we officially hate Capital One.  Why do they bother to send targeted offers if they are going to do this??  Not to mention the multiple hard pulls.  Uggh.", "38", "42", "43", "44", "45", "46", "47"], "Denied Hyatt - when to try again": ["I assume you mean 12/6/19.  If that is the correct date there's no need to wait.  I'd also suggest you look at the wikipost at the top of the page for more good info.", "Oops yeah I meant 12-6-19.  Application date was stuck in my head when typing that.  I read the wiki and other bloggers who mentioned that it might be \"safer\" to apply the next month?", "I'm surprised you even asked the question considering that \"next month\" is &lt; 4 days away.", "Would like some advice on the next best cards to open next. Already have a CSP, and am likely at 4 or 5/24 (how can I tell for sure). I do have a real business with an EIN number if that helps.  P2 has a CS (downgraded CSP) and IHG, but is likely only at 2 or 3/24.  Thanks in advance.", "Look at your current credit report and count the credit cards (both currently open and since closed) that were opened in the last 24 months. It's the only reliably accurate method.", "Thats what I thought but was hoping I could see it in one of the free services like CK or even the credit card programs.", "The data is available on Credit Karma. Click on Dashboard and then click on TU or EQ. Scroll down and you'll see \"Credit Report\"  The opening date is found after clicking on each card.", "Thank you.  Very Helpful! So it looks like I'm 4/24 and my wife is 1/24.  So CIP for both of us? (Can we each open an biz card?) That would put me at 5/24, so what's next for my wife?", "Obtaining a Chase business card does not add to the numerator of your x/24 count. If you are at 4/24 and are subsequently approved for a CIP, you would remain at 4/24.", "Those are fine, just make sure it's a current (recent) report.", "Thats good to hear. So what\u0092s the best order to apply? CIP, CIC, UMP?", "Get CIP first; after approval, refer CIP to spouse.   If you feel adventurous, in about 3 months, have spouse refer you for another CIP (this time, apply with EIN).  I can't guarantee how Chase will feel about this but there have been many (past) data points of folks getting multiple CIPs.", "What should he apply with the first time if not  using an  EIN?", "SS# Quote: Why the 3 month wait? Also, should I look into the United Explorer or MileagePlus cards? Planing on converting UR to United likely anyway.", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: Applying for Chase Credit Cards", "102", "152", "192", "196", "197", "198", "199", "200", "201"], "Barclays Arrival Plus Card: Possible to pay for Airline Lounge Membership Fees?": ["Perfect, good looking out.", "Well, my AF just posted.  I guess I will apply my remaining points to some travel charges I had directed to this card and will then call to request a fee waiver.  I won\u0092t keep the card without some sort of retention offer.", "Well, I called and after the usual rigmarole about all the great benefits I'm going to miss, I was offered the option to downgrade to a no-AF card, presumably Arrival (without the plus). Since I redeemed most of the \"miles\" by now, I declined and closed the card.", "I'm in a similar boat and have yet to make the call. Without an AF, why not downgrade and sock drawer it to preserve the CL?", "I am not the person you asked, but I am sharing the same boat. I want to simplify my life. A credit card that doesn\u2019t do anything for me, especially if relatively new (got the A+ a year ago), isn\u2019t worth keeping even if it doesn\u2019t cost an annual fee. The loss of a $12k credit line doesn\u2019t bother me. The one feature I am considering as a plus of the A+/A cards is the PIN capability for international travel. I mostly have no issues with my preferred card (CSR), but did use the A+ a couple of times for unattended ticket vending machines last year. I was curious to see if it would accept my PIN (it did); I did not compare with the CSR at the time. I still have the Aviator Red card (with the same PIN behavior, I believe). Also on the chopping block, though, once the final 10k AA RDMs post. My ultimate fallback PIN card is a European bank issued MasterCard. Earns me nothing, but good to have for that occasional unattended gas pump. In short, if they offer me the downgrade, I might take it. Have some more European trips coming up, so I can experiment some more with other cards. But it would likely be canceled soon as part of my \u201csimplification\u201d project. Note to self: review USA EMV cards: Availability, Q&amp;A (Chip &amp; PIN or Signature) [2017&gt;] https://www.spotterswiki.com/emv/index.php EkekoBWI likes this.", "Likewise, only reason I app'ed for this is, of course, the bonus. $89 fee for a 2% travel credit only restricted to increments minimum 10K points threshold? No thanks.   notquiteaff likes this.", "Is it increments of 10k? I thought it was the minimum (for travel). I was actually looking for what the increment was the other day since I have some 11800 points to burn.", "You're right, it's minimum 10K.  I just didn't imagine anyone would have that much remaining after nearly a year!  By the way, not that you would want to, but you could use that to offset the annual fee.", "I'm getting deep in the weeds, but the one exception to the 10k threshold ($100 credit) correctly noted above is AF: every 2,500 miles for each $25, as I understand it. Even that doesn't answer the larger question, \"But, why keep it?\" Is it 60 days from AF hitting to be reimbursed in full when canceling or does Barclays operate by different rules?", "Only reason I can envision is unlike nqtaff one has less than 10K and didn't want it to go entirely to waste?  Far as I know, they're subjected to the consumer card act for personal cards, but I'm unsure if it's 30 or 60 days.   notquiteaff likes this.", "No interest in paying the AF in any way.  There are several NAF 2% cash back cards I could use instead if I wanted a flat rebate card.   I still have nearly 12k points because I put some estimated taxes on it, to get my remaining balance beyond the redeemable threshold.  Made some 5 bucks on it, I think (1.87% fee for tax processor) .  Silly games  Visconti likes this.", "I get it, completely. Generally, I never use Paypal but did so with my Freedom on WN flights originating from SFO (assuming it's hard to claim travel insurance from my home airport for \"reasonable expenses\" - you know, don't think that HMB Ritz idea of mine would pass the smell test) because of the rotating 5% thing. Post 2008 (even before), we've been in the golden age of sign up bonuses here in the States that will unlikely be seen again for a long time once this is over. People outside the US are now beginning to understand how great we've had it in this game for a very long time. Here's the thing. Even if we could pay for everything, why in the world would we subsidize the cheesers? Are we chumps? While I'm not willing to break any laws or Amex/Chase T&amp;Cs (the rest I couldn't care less and don't need them, ever), I have no compunction pillaging them until this golden freebie era is behind us.", "Has anyone tried getting a passport renewal fee reimbursed, probably as a manual request?  I doubt it but read one case here of success with a visa fee. Thanks.", "188", "238", "278", "282", "283", "284", "285", "286", "287", "I bought Universal Studios Hollywood tickets this summer -- through UndercoverTourist.com -- and it worked. A theme park itself may not code as travel, but if you go through a third-party travel agency (or possibly even through Universal's own vacation line if they allow ticket purchases without lodging through that division) it should work next time.", "I've been having an issue getting my 500 miles for completing a profile in the Barclays Travel Community. It's been over a month, and my profile there still shows 0 Community Miles, and no miles have been posted to my linked Barclays Travel+ account. I read there was a longstanding bug preventing miles from being displayed in the Community page, but they still should have been posted to my linked account after the 1st of September. When I messaged Barclays customer service, they replied:  Quote:  ...and asked for documentation that I was offered this \"promotion\". But AFAIK this is procedure is just outlined on the respective sites (barclaycardus.com and barclaycardtravel.com) shown to all users, not a targeted promotion. Anyone else have trouble getting 500 miles? Any pointers?", "No luck, but I'm having the same issue. I've had the card since 2013 and never bothered to sign up for the travel community. Now, I'm hoping to receive the 500 bonus miles in order to hit the minimum redemption threshold more quickly (only use the card for my spotify subscription). I find it strange the CSR says it is a targeted offer; the terms read as if the opportunity to earn bonus points via the travel community is a feature of the card. Hope you can get them to grant you those points.", "Here's what I got today: Quote:", "Awesome, I'll try that route. Thanks!", "Barclays Arrival cards - gone for good?    With AF coming up in the next billing cycle, I thought I'd downgrade my Arrival+ to no AF Arrival. But that card is nowhere to be found on the Barclays web site, nor do I see any recent mention of a similar downgrade here. Can someone confirm if Barclays Arrival cards are now history? If so, any other options for keeping the points w/o the AF?", "What did they say when you called the number on the back of the card and asked about this?", "My A+ card is about to post the annual fee, and I\u0092ll be calling about an AF waiver.  But if they don\u0092t offer one, I will simply apply my accumulated points to some travel expenses I have built up and call it a day, i.e., cancel the card. It\u0092s not one I am emotionally attached to,  There will be a few leftover points, but it doesn\u0092t seem worth worrying about those.", "I haven't called yet, will do after the holidays. I fully expect to be offered no options and will apply the remaining points to some travel expenses I had in the last 120 days, and then close the card.", "Rumor has it that they're only going to do cobranded cards from here on out. The fact that those appear to be all of the ones on their website seems to bear that out, but it's possible you can still downgrade to the no-AF version. Guess one will need to call in to confirm either way.", "My no-AF Arrival still works. I got an Aviator Red around August 2018 and was unable to PC after the second year's AF hit (admittedly, I only called once to inquire). So PCs are not guaranteed even for card families with more life in them.", "With my AF hitting in Jan, looks like canceling is best option now that's there's no AF-free Barclays option. Anyone get the AF waived / credited?", "I hope not. I believe in April 2018 they anticipated all products to feature the new Barclays branding by 2020. Perhaps they will relaunch all of the Barclaycard products as Barclays next year. In March of last year someone spotted new card art for Arrival @ https://www.doctorofcredit.com/new-b...-arrival-card/", "So I just called A+ number on the back of the card and was told that this card is now invitation only. Also, there are no downgrades, upgrades, or product changes. If you have this card, you either pay the AF, or cancel. I only talked to one CSR. Would be interested to see if anyone else has other input.  I did ask if I could product change to the Premier, and was told no.", "Or use the travel credit against the AF.", "187", "237", "277", "281", "282", "283", "284", "285", "286", "288"], "American Express Business Platinum $200 airline credit issue": ["Too late I already did it. This actually was for my gf and I only could convince her to try again now.", "If keeping the same Airline, I shouldnt have to re-select right?", "For those with $200 in credit, there are mid-week one-ways from OAK to LAX going for $69 in late January. That's just about perfect ($69 x 3 = $207). I'm going to grab 9 of those tomorrow on our 3 Plat accounts.   Soccerjoshj07 likes this.", "For those with several $ credit left and want to book a flight with lowest price. the lowest one I can find is SAN to SJC, $49.", "Please report back. Wanting to do similar.", "12/29: Bought 4 one way tickets under $100  12/30: Transactions posted 12/31: Under Benefits section, it says \"You have used all of your $250 Airline Fee Credit for this year.It will renew again starting Jan 2020\" Waiting for credits to actually post. Which I'm assuming will be the next business day.. Was able to use the remaining credits for 2019 and will get a new set of credits for 2020...", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: https://www.flyertalk.com/forum/amer...west-only.html I am not a WN flyer. I did not copy the Wikipost to the new thread. If the existing Wikipost still contains relevant information please send a PM, and I will copy it. Otherwise, please create a new Wikipost in the 2020 thread.", "82", "132", "172", "176", "177", "178", "179", "180", "181", "183", "184", "185", "186", "187", "188", "Too late I already did it. This actually was for my gf and I only could convince her to try again now.", "If keeping the same Airline, I shouldnt have to re-select right?", "For those with $200 in credit, there are mid-week one-ways from OAK to LAX going for $69 in late January. That's just about perfect ($69 x 3 = $207). I'm going to grab 9 of those tomorrow on our 3 Plat accounts.   Soccerjoshj07 likes this.", "For those with several $ credit left and want to book a flight with lowest price. the lowest one I can find is SAN to SJC, $49.", "Please report back. Wanting to do similar.", "12/29: Bought 4 one way tickets under $100  12/30: Transactions posted 12/31: Under Benefits section, it says \"You have used all of your $250 Airline Fee Credit for this year.It will renew again starting Jan 2020\" Waiting for credits to actually post. Which I'm assuming will be the next business day.. Was able to use the remaining credits for 2019 and will get a new set of credits for 2020...", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: https://www.flyertalk.com/forum/amer...west-only.html I am not a WN flyer. I did not copy the Wikipost to the new thread. If the existing Wikipost still contains relevant information please send a PM, and I will copy it. Otherwise, please create a new Wikipost in the 2020 thread.", "82", "132", "172", "176", "177", "178", "179", "180", "181", "183", "184", "185", "186", "187", "188", "Too late I already did it. This actually was for my gf and I only could convince her to try again now.", "If keeping the same Airline, I shouldnt have to re-select right?", "For those with $200 in credit, there are mid-week one-ways from OAK to LAX going for $69 in late January. That's just about perfect ($69 x 3 = $207). I'm going to grab 9 of those tomorrow on our 3 Plat accounts.   Soccerjoshj07 likes this.", "For those with several $ credit left and want to book a flight with lowest price. the lowest one I can find is SAN to SJC, $49.", "Please report back. Wanting to do similar.", "12/29: Bought 4 one way tickets under $100  12/30: Transactions posted 12/31: Under Benefits section, it says \"You have used all of your $250 Airline Fee Credit for this year.It will renew again starting Jan 2020\" Waiting for credits to actually post. Which I'm assuming will be the next business day.. Was able to use the remaining credits for 2019 and will get a new set of credits for 2020...", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: https://www.flyertalk.com/forum/amer...west-only.html I am not a WN flyer. I did not copy the Wikipost to the new thread. If the existing Wikipost still contains relevant information please send a PM, and I will copy it. Otherwise, please create a new Wikipost in the 2020 thread.", "82", "132", "172", "176", "177", "178", "179", "180", "181", "183", "184", "185", "186", "187", "188", "Too late I already did it. This actually was for my gf and I only could convince her to try again now.", "If keeping the same Airline, I shouldnt have to re-select right?", "For those with $200 in credit, there are mid-week one-ways from OAK to LAX going for $69 in late January. That's just about perfect ($69 x 3 = $207). I'm going to grab 9 of those tomorrow on our 3 Plat accounts.   Soccerjoshj07 likes this.", "For those with several $ credit left and want to book a flight with lowest price. the lowest one I can find is SAN to SJC, $49.", "Please report back. Wanting to do similar.", "12/29: Bought 4 one way tickets under $100  12/30: Transactions posted 12/31: Under Benefits section, it says \"You have used all of your $250 Airline Fee Credit for this year.It will renew again starting Jan 2020\" Waiting for credits to actually post. Which I'm assuming will be the next business day.. Was able to use the remaining credits for 2019 and will get a new set of credits for 2020...", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: https://www.flyertalk.com/forum/amer...west-only.html I am not a WN flyer. I did not copy the Wikipost to the new thread. If the existing Wikipost still contains relevant information please send a PM, and I will copy it. Otherwise, please create a new Wikipost in the 2020 thread.", "82", "132", "172", "176", "177", "178", "179", "180", "181", "183", "184", "185", "186", "187", "188", "Too late I already did it. This actually was for my gf and I only could convince her to try again now.", "If keeping the same Airline, I shouldnt have to re-select right?", "For those with $200 in credit, there are mid-week one-ways from OAK to LAX going for $69 in late January. That's just about perfect ($69 x 3 = $207). I'm going to grab 9 of those tomorrow on our 3 Plat accounts.   Soccerjoshj07 likes this.", "For those with several $ credit left and want to book a flight with lowest price. the lowest one I can find is SAN to SJC, $49.", "Please report back. Wanting to do similar.", "12/29: Bought 4 one way tickets under $100  12/30: Transactions posted 12/31: Under Benefits section, it says \"You have used all of your $250 Airline Fee Credit for this year.It will renew again starting Jan 2020\" Waiting for credits to actually post. Which I'm assuming will be the next business day.. Was able to use the remaining credits for 2019 and will get a new set of credits for 2020...", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: https://www.flyertalk.com/forum/amer...west-only.html I am not a WN flyer. I did not copy the Wikipost to the new thread. If the existing Wikipost still contains relevant information please send a PM, and I will copy it. Otherwise, please create a new Wikipost in the 2020 thread.", "82", "132", "172", "176", "177", "178", "179", "180", "181", "183", "184", "185", "186", "187", "188", "Too late I already did it. This actually was for my gf and I only could convince her to try again now.", "If keeping the same Airline, I shouldnt have to re-select right?", "For those with $200 in credit, there are mid-week one-ways from OAK to LAX going for $69 in late January. That's just about perfect ($69 x 3 = $207). I'm going to grab 9 of those tomorrow on our 3 Plat accounts.   Soccerjoshj07 likes this.", "For those with several $ credit left and want to book a flight with lowest price. the lowest one I can find is SAN to SJC, $49.", "Please report back. Wanting to do similar.", "12/29: Bought 4 one way tickets under $100  12/30: Transactions posted 12/31: Under Benefits section, it says \"You have used all of your $250 Airline Fee Credit for this year.It will renew again starting Jan 2020\" Waiting for credits to actually post. Which I'm assuming will be the next business day.. Was able to use the remaining credits for 2019 and will get a new set of credits for 2020...", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: https://www.flyertalk.com/forum/amer...west-only.html I am not a WN flyer. I did not copy the Wikipost to the new thread. If the existing Wikipost still contains relevant information please send a PM, and I will copy it. Otherwise, please create a new Wikipost in the 2020 thread.", "82", "132", "172", "176", "177", "178", "179", "180", "181", "183", "184", "185", "186", "187", "188", "Too late I already did it. This actually was for my gf and I only could convince her to try again now.", "If keeping the same Airline, I shouldnt have to re-select right?", "For those with $200 in credit, there are mid-week one-ways from OAK to LAX going for $69 in late January. That's just about perfect ($69 x 3 = $207). I'm going to grab 9 of those tomorrow on our 3 Plat accounts.   Soccerjoshj07 likes this.", "For those with several $ credit left and want to book a flight with lowest price. the lowest one I can find is SAN to SJC, $49.", "Please report back. Wanting to do similar.", "12/29: Bought 4 one way tickets under $100  12/30: Transactions posted 12/31: Under Benefits section, it says \"You have used all of your $250 Airline Fee Credit for this year.It will renew again starting Jan 2020\" Waiting for credits to actually post. Which I'm assuming will be the next business day.. Was able to use the remaining credits for 2019 and will get a new set of credits for 2020...", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: https://www.flyertalk.com/forum/amer...west-only.html I am not a WN flyer. I did not copy the Wikipost to the new thread. If the existing Wikipost still contains relevant information please send a PM, and I will copy it. Otherwise, please create a new Wikipost in the 2020 thread.", "82", "132", "172", "176", "177", "178", "179", "180", "181", "183", "184", "185", "186", "187", "188", "Too late I already did it. This actually was for my gf and I only could convince her to try again now.", "If keeping the same Airline, I shouldnt have to re-select right?", "For those with $200 in credit, there are mid-week one-ways from OAK to LAX going for $69 in late January. That's just about perfect ($69 x 3 = $207). I'm going to grab 9 of those tomorrow on our 3 Plat accounts.   Soccerjoshj07 likes this.", "For those with several $ credit left and want to book a flight with lowest price. the lowest one I can find is SAN to SJC, $49.", "Please report back. Wanting to do similar.", "12/29: Bought 4 one way tickets under $100  12/30: Transactions posted 12/31: Under Benefits section, it says \"You have used all of your $250 Airline Fee Credit for this year.It will renew again starting Jan 2020\" Waiting for credits to actually post. Which I'm assuming will be the next business day.. Was able to use the remaining credits for 2019 and will get a new set of credits for 2020...", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: https://www.flyertalk.com/forum/amer...west-only.html I am not a WN flyer. I did not copy the Wikipost to the new thread. If the existing Wikipost still contains relevant information please send a PM, and I will copy it. Otherwise, please create a new Wikipost in the 2020 thread.", "82", "132", "172", "176", "177", "178", "179", "180", "181", "183", "184", "185", "186", "187", "188", "Too late I already did it. This actually was for my gf and I only could convince her to try again now.", "If keeping the same Airline, I shouldnt have to re-select right?", "For those with $200 in credit, there are mid-week one-ways from OAK to LAX going for $69 in late January. That's just about perfect ($69 x 3 = $207). I'm going to grab 9 of those tomorrow on our 3 Plat accounts.   Soccerjoshj07 likes this.", "For those with several $ credit left and want to book a flight with lowest price. the lowest one I can find is SAN to SJC, $49.", "Please report back. Wanting to do similar.", "12/29: Bought 4 one way tickets under $100  12/30: Transactions posted 12/31: Under Benefits section, it says \"You have used all of your $250 Airline Fee Credit for this year.It will renew again starting Jan 2020\" Waiting for credits to actually post. Which I'm assuming will be the next business day.. Was able to use the remaining credits for 2019 and will get a new set of credits for 2020...", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: https://www.flyertalk.com/forum/amer...west-only.html I am not a WN flyer. I did not copy the Wikipost to the new thread. If the existing Wikipost still contains relevant information please send a PM, and I will copy it. Otherwise, please create a new Wikipost in the 2020 thread.", "82", "132", "172", "176", "177", "178", "179", "180", "181", "183", "184", "185", "186", "187", "188", "Too late I already did it. This actually was for my gf and I only could convince her to try again now.", "If keeping the same Airline, I shouldnt have to re-select right?", "For those with $200 in credit, there are mid-week one-ways from OAK to LAX going for $69 in late January. That's just about perfect ($69 x 3 = $207). I'm going to grab 9 of those tomorrow on our 3 Plat accounts.   Soccerjoshj07 likes this.", "For those with several $ credit left and want to book a flight with lowest price. the lowest one I can find is SAN to SJC, $49.", "Please report back. Wanting to do similar.", "12/29: Bought 4 one way tickets under $100  12/30: Transactions posted 12/31: Under Benefits section, it says \"You have used all of your $250 Airline Fee Credit for this year.It will renew again starting Jan 2020\" Waiting for credits to actually post. Which I'm assuming will be the next business day.. Was able to use the remaining credits for 2019 and will get a new set of credits for 2020...", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: https://www.flyertalk.com/forum/amer...west-only.html I am not a WN flyer. I did not copy the Wikipost to the new thread. If the existing Wikipost still contains relevant information please send a PM, and I will copy it. Otherwise, please create a new Wikipost in the 2020 thread.", "82", "132", "172", "176", "177", "178", "179", "180", "181", "183", "184", "185", "186", "187", "188", "Planning to buy SW tickets today, hopefull the charge posts as 2019. Does anyone think it would be risky?", "of course its risky but people have had success and you dont have a choice now. YMMV. obviously youre cutting it too close, but during the GC method, 12/31 worked even when post date was in the next year. just keep an eye on it.", "I bought 2 flights less than $100 each on Dec. 30. Meter hasn't moved and charges are still showing pending. Will update what happens next year. Try checking the Dec. 2018 DP's in this thread (at that time it was still possible to get e-GC's). I think I saw it did work for purchases on 12/31 but it is still a risk. For me I'm trying to do a triple dip so the risk is worth it because if it doesn't work and I only get credit for 2020, then it will be just a double dip.", "im concerned WN will definitely notice and say something in 2020. im sure of it. having amex reject GC for credit is one thing, but having a huge community buying WN flights then canceling may trigger some type of alarm. especially when they notice a large uptick in 2020 for short sub-$100 flights being canceled. this is how TCs always get changed to curb exploits and reduce admin burden. WN may introduce fees of some type. anyone here going to buy thousands of $ for WN flights in 2020?", "I'm guessing WN is fine with the quick cancellation of flights and having the refund as a Travel Fund. They get paid the full amount, minus credit card fees. Sure, there's a very minor burden on their reservation systems, but worth the extra revenue. It's Amex that might decide to clamp down. Amex is better off if the airline statement credit goes unused. They might demand that WN code all ticket purchases -- even those under $100 -- as such, so that Amex doesn't credit any of them. It's hard to know on the outside how burdensome this would be on WN, and whether there's enough money involved to justify the effort. As many have observed on FlyerTalk, we are far from the norm among the traveling public. Only a tiny portion would ever go to the trouble of learning this end-around and exploiting it. Amex might figure that it's not worth it to play another cat-and-mouse game with the likes of us. Pretty good chance we'll just find another loophole. Besides, a lot of us are actually very profitable cardholders for Amex.   krazykanuck and IndyHoosier like this.", "nobody should think amex will just sit back and ignore this obvious loophole. they patched the GC method for a reason. they didnt like it and this loophole is even easier to stop. we are buying actual flights with L3 data. it wouldnt be that hard to ID and cut or clawback. and while i agree this community is a minority vs the entire cardmember base, we cost companies money. hence the war on churners the past few years to close loopholes and shut accounts down. its a very deliberate effort by amex/chase etc. im not so sure i want to begin 2020 with thousands of dollars worth of cancelled WN flights. im hesitant. not to mention i have 12 months to use the TF. i really need to figure some other long term option.", "On balance, Amex makes money on my business. Yes, I've exploited several bonus point offers, and I've always maxed out the airline statement credit. Still, the merchant fees it gets from my business are greater than the cost of the benefits Amex gives me. I'm not one of the most profitable customers for Amex, but they make money on me. I suspect there are more of me in this forum than there are the true churners who are unprofitable for Amex.", "Making WN purchases on the 1st or should atleast wait until Jan. 2nd? Ant difference?", "I agree it's AmEx that may do the clamping down. I don't see any downside for WN. They will not only get a windfall from breakage (expired TTFs), but will also benefit from pax who accidentally contaminate fresh money with old TTFs.", "AMEX will keep driving themselves toward extinction if they continue to close \"loopholes\" that benefit their customers.  The only reason I even bother with them is for the airline credits and Hilton Aspire resort credit (which I use entirely for advanced purchases which apparently AMEX doesn't like either).  Everything that is good for me is something AMEX doesn't like.", "When I looked at Jan. 2019 DP's in this thread (times were different as those were e-GC's) some said their purchases on Jan. 1st took longer than usual to post like 6 days.", "I would just select airlines on the 1st and then make transactions on the 2nd.  No need to risk it right?", "Well I went for it so lets see, fingers crossed", "Who has bought a SW ticket for less than $100 and then canceled within 24 hours effectively getting refunded back to you credit card rather than refunding back to southwest? If so does it matter if I cancel the ticket right after booking or should I wait until tomorrow January 2020 before the 24-hour window expires. I already tried buying a $97 SW on Dec 12 and never got refunded so I cancelled that and got the SW credit in my account but I don't want to another credit. I'm down to the last 3.5 hours...", "I wouldn't bother at this point.  Not sure why you waited until the last 3.5 hours.", "81", "131", "171", "175", "176", "177", "178", "179", "180", "182", "183", "184", "185", "186", "187", "Thank you. Looks like I got this wrong then. I was under the impression that award flight taxes are valid and will be reimbursed. I lost $250 credit for 2019 with Amex Honors card. Bummer!!", "I didn't see the credit yet for the tickets purchased in November. If I do see the credits then that will be counted in 2020, isn't it?", "We need more information, you haven't provided enough data. 1) When did you select WN as your airline? 2) When did you make the award purchases? 3) How much were the taxes on the flight?", "2 award tickets, $113 each. Is there anything I can do before Dec 31st?", "Ah well that's it.  $113 is over the limit of $100.", "Yes, I saw that in wiki...just didn't get it in time! Tough luck!  So buying a revenue ticket or an award ticket but taxes, both &lt; $100 is what will work. Will check it out in 2020 then....", "Well still no credit. Fwiw, I did select my airline then purchase on the same day, but after receiving the confirmation email. Did the same thing earlier in the year with BizPlat with no issues. PSA: wait a day before making a purchase I guess.", "Don't know if it's too late, but you could cancel and rebook those tickets as one ways on separate reservations if they are still available for the same amount of points.  (When you cancel a reward booking, the fees can go back to the card) Or you could just book random tickets now with $, cancel and rebook within a year for tickets you really need. Caveat, have no idea if either will work on the last day of the year (ie since purchase will post on 1/1).", "Yeah, I'm always afraid to give advice once you get to this point in the year as I'm not sure of the exact mechanics behind it.", "12/26 purchased one ticket + one tax of point ticket, total 85 12/27 posted 12/29 Meter moved 12/30 credit", "website or app    Does it matter if flight purchase less than $100 made on website or the southwest app? Guidance on this would be appreciated as I have purchased a flight using the southwest app and only realized now to check if it matters or not... ?", "Update: Looks like the first EBCI purchase did not trigger the reimbursement.   I made that about 15 minutes after selecting WN as my airline and the others about 30 minutes later.  Guess I could call but probably not worth it since they might see the ticket purchases which were reimbursed.", "Hi All - just wanted to provide a quick data point. 12/27 - Applied for and received approval for AMEX Hilton Aspire and saved my instant card number. 12/27, 5 minutes after approval - Chatted with an AMEX rep to make Southwest my airline choice. 12/27, 15 minutes after chatting - Received e-mail confirming Southwest as my airline choice. 12/27, 15 minutes after receiving e-mail - Booked 3 separate one-way 'dummy' flights for $93.98 on Southwest's website, logged into my rapid rewards account..  I planned on waiting until after the 24 hour period to cancel the flights since we'll use Southwest credit sometime in 2020 anyway. 12/30 - AMEX credits post for $93.98, $93.98 and $62.04.  No 'meter' movement prior to credits posting.  Card is showing $31.94 balance.   IndyHoosier likes this.", "Thanks! Here's the timeline: 12/26: Called in and asked to switch airlines. Initially told that I had to wait until January, but with a little cajoling they went ahead with it. Change was reflected online that day. 12/27: Bought 3 SW flights ~$92, $92, $66 12/28: Flights posted 12/30: Meter reflected total usage of airline credit 12/31: Credits refunded back on the statement ^", "I plan to change my plat airline to WN in January. To use the $200 credit, does it have to be 2x &lt;$100 or can it be, say, $198 or $210?   Also, if using for Anytime fares and canceling for WN credit rather than cc credit, are funds restricted to original ticket holder or is that only the case with Wanna Get Away fares?", "80", "130", "170", "174", "175", "176", "177", "178", "179", "181", "182", "183", "184", "185", "186", "190", "Purchased 4 Early Bird Checkin on 12/24, reimbursed 12/27; Purchased 1 $89 flight and paid taxes on 2 domestic award flights, reimbursed 12/27.", "2019 and 2020 credits    As we are at end of the year, and it takes credits a few days to reimburse , how would it work to the meter of a purchase is made now and it goes into 2020, how do we know what year  credit was applied?", "Travel funds for cancelled tickets can only be used for the passenger in the original ticket, right? That's my recollection, but I couldn't find confirmation on the Southwest site.", "That's correct.   dhuey likes this.", "Not reimbursed yet!    Chose SW as the main airline for Amex Honors card. Booked SW award tickets using the points and paying the taxes in November.  So are the taxes on award tickets don't get reimbursed? Doesn't count as airline fee credit? Thank you.   pooprocks likes this.", "American Express does not knowingly reimburse frequent flyer program related fees.   dhuey and akr1970akr like this.", "12/24 Selected WN as airline 12/25 Purchased one-way tickets totaling $250 12/26 Transactions posted 12/27 Meter moved 12/28 Received Airline Fee Reimbursement dated 12/27", "I only have 17 to spend but it shows like I have all the $200 to spend, pretty sure it's a glitch as I have seen at least two other people mention this.   akr1970akr likes this.", "Any predictions on whether Amex will close this loophole in 2020? I'm puzzled as to why it ever existed. If the software can spot and reject statement credit for a $150 canceled flight, how difficult would it be to tweak that to reject credits for $90 tickets?", "Possibly which why I plan to spend all of it early in 2020.   IndyHoosier likes this.", "Yeah, my thinking as well. I have no real CompSci talent, but I somehow earned real money in my teenage years in that field. My best guess is that Amex does not pay enough bucks to attract the best talent in CompSci, and whatever talent they hire will be tasked to focus on things that have nothing to do with what we FlyerTalker travel geeks obsess about.", "I just got my Amex Biz Plat today Dec. 30.  If I get SW tickets today and also $100 Dell Xbox gc do you think that's enough time for it to count for 2019?  Would be a nice triple dip but I'm not sure if I want to risk it and just double dip instead.  Thanks!", "1) AMEX will never know whether I've cancelled a flight as long as I choose to receive the credit as travel funds. 2) How would they close the loophole?  Really the only way to do it would be to only reimburse charges under a certain threshold (i.e. $50).  But, even then, you can still get cheap flights under that threshold (i.e. LAX-LAS).", "Thank you. Looks like I got this wrong then. I was under the impression that award flight taxes are valid and will be reimbursed. I lost $250 credit for 2019 with Amex Honors card. Bummer!!", "They should be reimbursed.  Mine always have been.", "79", "129", "169", "173", "174", "175", "176", "177", "178", "180", "181", "182", "183", "184", "185", "189", "Hey Guys! New to the forum and this thread, I've been lurking on this thread for a few days now to find out how I can use my $200 left over credit for 2019 on my Platinum Card. I purchased a ticket on Dec 5th for $98.98 and it never got reimbursed. Am I doing something wrong? I want to go ahead and purchase more tickets to see if those will get reimbursed but after purchasing a ticket on December 5th (I actually took this flight) and it not being reimbursed I'm nervous to purchase more tickets.", "How long before purchasing the ticket did you select Southwest as your airline for this benefit?", "I just checked and I selected Southwest as my airline on Dec 12th, we\u0092ll that explains everything haha. I thought I had selected the airline before Dec 5th when I purchased the ticket but I was wrong. So in that case when you make a flight purchase before signing up with the airline they won\u0092t count it towards a reimbursement?", "Counter reset    So I've had the platinum for several years and have united as my airline this year.  I spent and received the credits earlier this year.  Recently I signed up for the aspire and selected southwest as my airline on this card.  However I now look back at my platinum counter and it shows all 200 as available to spend  n united before 31Dec2019.  Has anyone ever seen something like this?  I dont have a need to spend anything on united although I am curious as to whether it would actually credit me again.", "I read back several pages and couldn't find the answer.  Can I buy 5 one way $49 tickets in one transaction or do I need to purchase each ticket separately to get reimbursed with the $250 aspire credit?  Thanks for your help.", "Tpa to fll nonstop midweek is $96 one way", "To be conservative I waited until the next calendar day.", "MDW-LAX Jan 10 is $100 exactly.", "Don't call. AMEX gets l3 data from WN and the rep will clearly see the charge is for a ticketed fare. If you reference your other \"incidentals\" that's just a recipe to get those credits clawed back.", "Yes, I've heard a couple of reports of this happening from people in TPG Lounge. One of them reported back today that the counter had moved back to showing the entire credit had been used. Seems like it was a glitch on Amex's side that got fixed.", "Not sure if this will be useful for anyone but if you have multiple travel funds under $100, you can actually then use them to purchase a more expensive fare and that way you will only have to keep track one of confirmation number rather than multiple ones. Example: Travel Funds #1 : $99 Travel Funds #2 : $99 Travel Funds #3 : $99 Purchase a $297 ticket and use the above funds to do it.  It won't have any impact on your expiration date but might be a little easier to keep track of for some.", "Hilton Aspire12/10: Added SW as designated flight 12/26: Purchased 3 WN flights for $68, $86, $85. 12/29: Bar moved 12/30: Credits posted", "I purchased 2x WN $100 GC's in Jan and got refunded 3 days later, I noticed today my Amex counter shows $200 available still, I assume thats a glitch?", "$92 fare purchased 12/26. Credit on statement and meter reflected it this morning on 12/30. I still have $158 to go, so going to add my 3 year old to my wifes confirmation number before cancelling for another $92. Anyone seen any $60 fares? Also, for next year I have 2 $250 credits to use (2 player Aspire), has anyone had success booking a &lt;$100 fare and adding on an unaccompanied minor $50 fee and getting all $130 back?", "BWI-MDW is 54 in March/April time frame. As far as my DP: Added SWA to Apsire card on 12/27. Purchased 2 X $93 fares as well as 2 EBCI about 30 minutes later (didn't read this thread about possible waiting a day first). Charges posted on the 28th. Meter reflected deduction of everything but 1 of the EBCI purchases as of this afternoon. Assuming it will update in the next few days though.", "78", "128", "168", "172", "173", "174", "175", "176", "177", "179", "180", "181", "182", "183", "184", "188"], "Questions - United Explorer card": ["I just checked an upcoming award reservation and I was wondering why only 1 of the 2 1Ks on the ticket are request for a CPU.", "I would assume because there's only one primary Chase cardholder.", "Oh! Thanks, I guess it's her as I don't carry any Chase cards", "Did the PlusPoints migration screw up the award ticket CPU-eligibility? All my award tickets used to say CPU requested but now there's nothing there, not even the \"Waitlist\" text.", "question: does award upgrade eligibility apply to a GM companion cardholder? Basically  If I book domestic award for me+1 as 1k and get upgraded, would companion on same tix be eligible for upgrade if they are a cardholder themselves?", "Companions are not eligible and to be eligible for the award upgrade benefit you need to be an elite Quote: k_den likes this.", "United System / Award Travel / CPU    Had a very interesting experience this last week on a couple of UA flights, and curious to know if this is normal, or others have experienced it. For some background I am MP Platinum and have a united CC.  Heres the situation: booked a coupled of award tickets, one for me, one for my companion.  This is on the way out: Usually when I check in it gives me the option to split the itinerary in order for me to get put on the upgrade list, this option was not given to me when I checked in. The flight was on Christmas and had 12 empty first class seats (also an overnighter), I did not show up on the upgrade list. I asked the gate agent if I could get put on, I was denied, because the itinerary was not split, GA could not split it. Called customer service, she split the itinerary, but alas, I was never put on the upgrade list, but at least I had a whole row to myself! But, considering I am Plat and have a CC, I should be eligible for a CPU on an award ticket... Contacted customer service, they said there is a system issue, they compensated me On the way back: Customer service suggested I speak to someone to get put on the list, so I went to customer service in SFO, and I was on the list for my flight. Another situation where there were 6 open FC seats, I was #1  on the list. But even though number one on the list I was cleared last, I know award ticket CPU is probably low on the upgrade priority list, but everyone upgraded ahead of me were employees/employee family members on standby. I am all for appreciating your employees, but seems a bit strange for standby non-rev to get cleared ahead of status customers that are non-rev, considering they had to spend money to get status in the first place... Anyway, just thought I would share my experience, felt a bit like the twilight zone, I can tell you one thing, I certainly didnt feel like an appreciated customer on this trip.", "24", "28", "29", "30", "31", "32", "33"], "Spending $4500 in 1 week.": ["large purchase coming up, best way to capitalize?    Hi all, I'm hurting my brain trying to figure out the best way to do this. I have a large cash purchase coming up (vicinity of $47,000), and I'm trying to gain as much out of this as I can...if it's possible. I'm open to getting a new card, but it has to be pretty soon as I'm making the purchase on 10/1.  I currently fly only Delta (platinum medallion), and stay at Marriott family hotels. Current credit cards:  US Bank Altitude Reserve, Delta Reserve Amex (my main card, so I can hit the 30/60K boosts and I've already hit the 60K one this year), Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant and a random Amex card I never use (blue?) I've been looking at services like Plastiq or something as simple as Paypal since Venmo has a cap on purchases. What are you best recommendations for making something like this worth it, rather than just writing a check. Thanks!", "If the recipient only accepts cash and you\u0092re looking to services like Plastiq to pay with a card anyway, there\u0092s almost no way to get it to make sense given the fees involved. The sole exception is if you hit a bonus threshold.", "Best Credit Card For Large Yearly Spends    I started a small business last year and had terrible credit at the time. It has, over the course of the last year, grown into a mid-size business. I paid for everything up front this year using debit cards and spent almost 1 million on advertising, 100-150k on travel expenses (all flights on delta), and another 500k on other items that could have been paid for on credit cards. In total I spent just under 2 mil this year that could have been put on credit cards. My business is in the black and we have no loans or debt of any kind. My credit score has improved drastically, but I am only at 690 with Experian. I expect my business spend to increase by about 20% next year and we will continue to run in the black the entire year. I'd like to actually put the spend to use somehow, but I have no idea how best to do that.", "Welcome to FT, shummer79! And, congratulations on your successful business! The first step in your credit card decision is to articulate your goals. Would you like to save money in order to reinvest back into your young business (that would definately be my recommendation at this point in your business lifecycle)? If so, finding a 2% cash back card would help with that objective. Here is one option:  https://www.fidelity.com/cash-manage...signature-card Good luck to you.", "I spend about 1 million a year on credit cards for business.  Does anyone know of any domestic airline card that gives \"top tier\" status for spend alone on their branded cards?    DL waives the spend requirement after one spends 250k/year on their card but I believe they still require a certain amount of flights.  United caps spend only at either Gold or Platinum and not 1K.   I was hoping by spending so much on one airline card I could get top elite status with that airline.   Many thanks.", "Well if you split the $1m between Delta cards that earn MQM, you may be able to.  I guess 60K MQM from the Reserve, then another 20K MQM from the Delta Platinum, which brings you to Diamond MQD waived + 80K MQM, so you'd reach Platinum.  Diamond would still be a bit away though... Don't forget about Jetblue Mosaic after $50K on their card, also Silver on Virgin Atlantic is attainable after via their card.", "The only card gives you outright status is JetBlue.  But it has a smaller footprint. DL is a possibility.  If you fly it often.", "Best Card for a large purchase - Plat Amex or Chase Sapphire Reserve    Hi.  Making a large purchase ($25k) and not sure which card will net me the best mileage option, Amex Platinum or Chase Sapphire Reserve.  All advice welcome.", "I would say all things being equal pick the one that you find is harder to earn points on. I find it alot harder to earn UR so I would probably pick Chase.", "Whichever one you go with, suggest that you call the applicable card issuer and alert them to your planned large purchase.", "If you typically transfer your points, keep in mind that Amex offers transfer bonuses whereas Chase does not.", "21", "25", "26", "27", "28", "29", "30"], "AA Barclays Aviator Sign-up Bonus Question": ["Finally got approved again! Had to move some credit over from an existing Jetblue card though but no biggie. I don't remember exactly when but here's a rough timeline. I applied for the US Airways card a couple months before the switch to aviator red (don't even remember the month and year I applied). The switch happened to a world mastercard. Then barclaycard sent me a letter saying it would be switched to a world elite mastercard. I think 6 months after, I applied for another aviator red while the US Airways/Aviator Red was still active. The credit analyst I spoke to said that since the product name of the first one was different from the one I applied for, it would be approved.  Both of those aviator reds were closed last year. I've been trying to get approved for at least a year. Applied this morning with an AA offer (offer was the same as the public one) and got that 10 day message. Checked app status and it showed declined. Called a credit analyst at barclaycard and somewhere in his talk, he said that he could pull my credit and see what he could do. One of the things he asked me was if I was willing to move some credit from my Jetblue card to open the new one. That was the quickest yes I've ever said in my life lol.", "If anyone knows if there are any special promos for opening this card for January 2020 please post. Curious whats advertised in the on board magazine this month. To answer my own question looks like ad is the same deal as December Page 39 has ad http://americanway.ink-live.com/html...d-a945e5687ccc", "New (first time) cardholder application denial question    Hoping I put this in the right place? Helping a friend who has never had a credit card or a mortgage - but has plenty of resources - owns 6 houses, manages then as rentals, makes ~96K/year. Has tax returns current all that jazz. I tried to help him get started on a mileage program as he has been using his debit card only for decades. His credit score according to Karma is 750. He has plenty in a couple bank accounts and investments with Schwab of 300K or more. He's 72, but not very computer or credit savvy cuz he's always used cash or his debit. He did get a Nissan Auto Loan (first in his lifetime) for $34K about 4-5 months ago. Because I have 2 Barclays - I helped him fill out the Barclay 60K bonus card app (personal). In about a week he got a denial cuz he has zero credit history. (Including nothing negative) - only 1 hard pull from this application showing. Is this one where we should call in and plead his case with a human? Or is there a better solution? There's still Citi - because we're shooting for AA miles for OneWorld Travel.. Thank you in advance.....", "What your friend could do is try calling Barclaycard's backdoor number. The call essentially goes straight to a credit analyst. They're the ones that can potentially change the denial to an approval. I called them a month ago after applying for the Aviator Red and seeing a denial not too soon after. After a bit of talking, the credit analyst allowed me to move credit over from an existing account to open this one. So you never know. Check your messages..   bloomz likes this.", "6", "56", "96", "100", "101", "102", "103", "104", "105"], "When should I open my second and third Chase (trifecta) card?": ["I assume you mean 12/6/19.  If that is the correct date there's no need to wait.  I'd also suggest you look at the wikipost at the top of the page for more good info.", "Oops yeah I meant 12-6-19.  Application date was stuck in my head when typing that.  I read the wiki and other bloggers who mentioned that it might be \"safer\" to apply the next month?", "I'm surprised you even asked the question considering that \"next month\" is &lt; 4 days away.", "Would like some advice on the next best cards to open next. Already have a CSP, and am likely at 4 or 5/24 (how can I tell for sure). I do have a real business with an EIN number if that helps.  P2 has a CS (downgraded CSP) and IHG, but is likely only at 2 or 3/24.  Thanks in advance.", "Look at your current credit report and count the credit cards (both currently open and since closed) that were opened in the last 24 months. It's the only reliably accurate method.", "Thats what I thought but was hoping I could see it in one of the free services like CK or even the credit card programs.", "The data is available on Credit Karma. Click on Dashboard and then click on TU or EQ. Scroll down and you'll see \"Credit Report\"  The opening date is found after clicking on each card.", "Thank you.  Very Helpful! So it looks like I'm 4/24 and my wife is 1/24.  So CIP for both of us? (Can we each open an biz card?) That would put me at 5/24, so what's next for my wife?", "Obtaining a Chase business card does not add to the numerator of your x/24 count. If you are at 4/24 and are subsequently approved for a CIP, you would remain at 4/24.", "Those are fine, just make sure it's a current (recent) report.", "Thats good to hear. So what\u0092s the best order to apply? CIP, CIC, UMP?", "Get CIP first; after approval, refer CIP to spouse.   If you feel adventurous, in about 3 months, have spouse refer you for another CIP (this time, apply with EIN).  I can't guarantee how Chase will feel about this but there have been many (past) data points of folks getting multiple CIPs.", "What should he apply with the first time if not  using an  EIN?", "SS# Quote: Why the 3 month wait? Also, should I look into the United Explorer or MileagePlus cards? Planing on converting UR to United likely anyway.", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: Applying for Chase Credit Cards", "102", "152", "192", "196", "197", "198", "199", "200", "201"], "New card advice for a big purchase": ["large purchase coming up, best way to capitalize?    Hi all, I'm hurting my brain trying to figure out the best way to do this. I have a large cash purchase coming up (vicinity of $47,000), and I'm trying to gain as much out of this as I can...if it's possible. I'm open to getting a new card, but it has to be pretty soon as I'm making the purchase on 10/1.  I currently fly only Delta (platinum medallion), and stay at Marriott family hotels. Current credit cards:  US Bank Altitude Reserve, Delta Reserve Amex (my main card, so I can hit the 30/60K boosts and I've already hit the 60K one this year), Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant and a random Amex card I never use (blue?) I've been looking at services like Plastiq or something as simple as Paypal since Venmo has a cap on purchases. What are you best recommendations for making something like this worth it, rather than just writing a check. Thanks!", "If the recipient only accepts cash and you\u0092re looking to services like Plastiq to pay with a card anyway, there\u0092s almost no way to get it to make sense given the fees involved. The sole exception is if you hit a bonus threshold.", "Best Credit Card For Large Yearly Spends    I started a small business last year and had terrible credit at the time. It has, over the course of the last year, grown into a mid-size business. I paid for everything up front this year using debit cards and spent almost 1 million on advertising, 100-150k on travel expenses (all flights on delta), and another 500k on other items that could have been paid for on credit cards. In total I spent just under 2 mil this year that could have been put on credit cards. My business is in the black and we have no loans or debt of any kind. My credit score has improved drastically, but I am only at 690 with Experian. I expect my business spend to increase by about 20% next year and we will continue to run in the black the entire year. I'd like to actually put the spend to use somehow, but I have no idea how best to do that.", "Welcome to FT, shummer79! And, congratulations on your successful business! The first step in your credit card decision is to articulate your goals. Would you like to save money in order to reinvest back into your young business (that would definately be my recommendation at this point in your business lifecycle)? If so, finding a 2% cash back card would help with that objective. Here is one option:  https://www.fidelity.com/cash-manage...signature-card Good luck to you.", "I spend about 1 million a year on credit cards for business.  Does anyone know of any domestic airline card that gives \"top tier\" status for spend alone on their branded cards?    DL waives the spend requirement after one spends 250k/year on their card but I believe they still require a certain amount of flights.  United caps spend only at either Gold or Platinum and not 1K.   I was hoping by spending so much on one airline card I could get top elite status with that airline.   Many thanks.", "Well if you split the $1m between Delta cards that earn MQM, you may be able to.  I guess 60K MQM from the Reserve, then another 20K MQM from the Delta Platinum, which brings you to Diamond MQD waived + 80K MQM, so you'd reach Platinum.  Diamond would still be a bit away though... Don't forget about Jetblue Mosaic after $50K on their card, also Silver on Virgin Atlantic is attainable after via their card.", "The only card gives you outright status is JetBlue.  But it has a smaller footprint. DL is a possibility.  If you fly it often.", "Best Card for a large purchase - Plat Amex or Chase Sapphire Reserve    Hi.  Making a large purchase ($25k) and not sure which card will net me the best mileage option, Amex Platinum or Chase Sapphire Reserve.  All advice welcome.", "I would say all things being equal pick the one that you find is harder to earn points on. I find it alot harder to earn UR so I would probably pick Chase.", "Whichever one you go with, suggest that you call the applicable card issuer and alert them to your planned large purchase.", "If you typically transfer your points, keep in mind that Amex offers transfer bonuses whereas Chase does not.", "21", "25", "26", "27", "28", "29", "30"], "Chase United Explorer Public 50K Live again!": ["which card is this and can I product switch to this from a Chase MileagePlan CC?", "It's the old Chase MileagePlus (non-Explorer) card, with no AF and weak earning (1 mile/$2 in spend).  They certainly still exist; my DW has one, which she downgraded to from an Explorer card a few years back, even after the no-fee card had stopped being something you could sign up for directly. The wiki for the current Chase downgrade thread and its predecessor  both mention this as a possible downgrade option, although I don't recall seeing any recent data points, so the info may be stale.", "I have downgraded two cards to both the Mileage Plus and Travel Bank no fee versions in mid 2019.   beltway likes this.", "Is the no-fee MileagePlus card just for keeping the credit line open, or does that also have the increased award availability, BG2 boarding, etc.?", "My wife applied for a CIP Biz card and got the \"We have received your request for a Chase credit card. We'll let you know our decision as soon as possible.\" note. With the 65K offer ending on Wednesday, is it OK for her to apply for this card now or do I need to wait on a decision on the CIP card?  I'd apply myself, but I'm at 6/24.  She's at 3 or 4/24.", "I sill have increased award availability. I downgraded to this card in case I ever need to upgrade back to the Explorer card while being over 5/24. Quote: Applying for another Chase card prior to the CIP being approved could put that application at risk.   beltway likes this.", "OK.    Thanks.  Wish I had seen the end date for the offer before going for the CIP.  Oh well, guess I'll have to wait and maybe go for the CIU in a month or so.", "Can anyone else confirm this?  That's half the reason I keep the MPE card.", "Theres a no fee UA card?", "Yes: https://www.chase.com/personal/credi...k/earn-rewards There is also a free card that is not open for applications, but might still be open for downgrades.", "I want to apply for the new United MPE offer that came out today 60K for $3K spend.  I just looked and received my last bonus on the MPE on 1/16/18, so its been 24 months, barely.  I still have that account open, however, I downgraded it to the free version of the card a year ago.  Am I good to apply for this one?", "Any ideas on how to generate a referral link for the current 60k SUB with $3k spend?  My referral link points to 40k SUB with $2k spend.", "Did the business version of the Explorer card go away?  All I see now is the New \"Business\" card.", "Wont Honor $250 Statement Credit Promo    1/12/20 Signed up for United Explorer Chase Visa while on the United Airlines site shopping for flights. Link said $250 statement credit within 6-8 wks after 1st purchase. Got the card no Info about $250?? Called Chase Got manager and big RUNAROUND excuse saying yes there is such an offer but you didnt get that one.. I said I have screenshot.. They did not care..just kept telling me about offer i supposedly signed up for. CAN YOU SPELL BAIT N SWITCH!!  Im so angry with Chase being a liar about this ... how could I possibly know about an offer much less have screenshot of it. .I needed to book the flight I had paid for a fair lock while waiting for the card to arrive.. The Manager DANIEL (no name) stated hed have a higher manager call me within 72 hrs..No Calls, No msgs. Chase You Are A Liar!!  Beware People..", "15", "55", "59", "60", "61", "62", "63", "64", "offer is once every 2 years, so yes, sounds like it. FYI the current offer is 40k for 2k spend during first 3 months + 25k bonus for 10k spend in first 6 months. So $1667/mo for the first 6 months gets you 65k miles.", "Hi, anyone know if you get a free bag on a Lufthansa codeshare flight booked on United.com?", "The T&amp;Cs literally say: Eligible Cardmembers will receive their applicable standard checked bag free on flights operated by United or United Express; codeshare flights are not eligible. Check out this thread for more info: Mileage Plus Branded Credit Card and Checked Baggage Fees", "Bueno, merci.", "Quote: Any other recent experiences to share? My birthday is about 10 days before the annual fee is due (it's been billed, and closing date is bday+10).  If I apply for GE should I expect to see the reimbursement before I close my account (I assume they won't reimburse once account is closed)? If I won't get reimbursement I'll open another card and then apply later . . . I have 364 days.", "charged GE fee on 12/22 credit already there on 12/26   drewguy and TravelinSperry like this.", "What if my first flight is on United but my connection is on Air Canada?", "It will still be free, as soon as your ticket show it is free.", "thanks!", "The question is whether you check in with a United counter or not. At the United counter, the bag fee is waived. At the counter of any other airline, it is not. For a UA-AC connection you'd check in at UA, obviously, so you're covered.   greg0ire likes this.", "GE reimbursement for family member    Has anyone tried reimbursing GE fees for family member instead of primary card holder (two scenarios out there - family member as additional card user and family member with not an additional card holder) ... wondering if they just reimburse based on transaction", "Yes, for a family member who is not an authorized user. The credit was based on the transaction, not the applicant.   IndyHoosier likes this.", "Hi all, I have the Chase United Explorer MileagePlus CC which is up for renewal end of the month. I am not keen on paying for the annual fee as I do not use the card. I was thinking of either downgrading or cancelling the card all together. What I do use the card for is booking rewards flights - when I'm booking a United rewards flights, and I sign in, there sometimes is a foot note that says \" Exclusively available to you as a MileagePlus Chase Cardmember\" Are there any cards I could switch to that offers additional award search results or is it only the MileagePlus CC? Thanks", "All 3 of Chase's United-branded CCs, AFAIK, as well as cards no longer being offered like the Select.", "But not the legacy no-fee card, I assume.", "14", "54", "58", "59", "60", "61", "62", "63", "65"], "Mileage Plus Explorer card": ["which card is this and can I product switch to this from a Chase MileagePlan CC?", "It's the old Chase MileagePlus (non-Explorer) card, with no AF and weak earning (1 mile/$2 in spend).  They certainly still exist; my DW has one, which she downgraded to from an Explorer card a few years back, even after the no-fee card had stopped being something you could sign up for directly. The wiki for the current Chase downgrade thread and its predecessor  both mention this as a possible downgrade option, although I don't recall seeing any recent data points, so the info may be stale.", "I have downgraded two cards to both the Mileage Plus and Travel Bank no fee versions in mid 2019.   beltway likes this.", "Is the no-fee MileagePlus card just for keeping the credit line open, or does that also have the increased award availability, BG2 boarding, etc.?", "My wife applied for a CIP Biz card and got the \"We have received your request for a Chase credit card. We'll let you know our decision as soon as possible.\" note. With the 65K offer ending on Wednesday, is it OK for her to apply for this card now or do I need to wait on a decision on the CIP card?  I'd apply myself, but I'm at 6/24.  She's at 3 or 4/24.", "I sill have increased award availability. I downgraded to this card in case I ever need to upgrade back to the Explorer card while being over 5/24. Quote: Applying for another Chase card prior to the CIP being approved could put that application at risk.   beltway likes this.", "OK.    Thanks.  Wish I had seen the end date for the offer before going for the CIP.  Oh well, guess I'll have to wait and maybe go for the CIU in a month or so.", "Can anyone else confirm this?  That's half the reason I keep the MPE card.", "Theres a no fee UA card?", "Yes: https://www.chase.com/personal/credi...k/earn-rewards There is also a free card that is not open for applications, but might still be open for downgrades.", "I want to apply for the new United MPE offer that came out today 60K for $3K spend.  I just looked and received my last bonus on the MPE on 1/16/18, so its been 24 months, barely.  I still have that account open, however, I downgraded it to the free version of the card a year ago.  Am I good to apply for this one?", "Any ideas on how to generate a referral link for the current 60k SUB with $3k spend?  My referral link points to 40k SUB with $2k spend.", "Did the business version of the Explorer card go away?  All I see now is the New \"Business\" card.", "Wont Honor $250 Statement Credit Promo    1/12/20 Signed up for United Explorer Chase Visa while on the United Airlines site shopping for flights. Link said $250 statement credit within 6-8 wks after 1st purchase. Got the card no Info about $250?? Called Chase Got manager and big RUNAROUND excuse saying yes there is such an offer but you didnt get that one.. I said I have screenshot.. They did not care..just kept telling me about offer i supposedly signed up for. CAN YOU SPELL BAIT N SWITCH!!  Im so angry with Chase being a liar about this ... how could I possibly know about an offer much less have screenshot of it. .I needed to book the flight I had paid for a fair lock while waiting for the card to arrive.. The Manager DANIEL (no name) stated hed have a higher manager call me within 72 hrs..No Calls, No msgs. Chase You Are A Liar!!  Beware People..", "15", "55", "59", "60", "61", "62", "63", "64", "offer is once every 2 years, so yes, sounds like it. FYI the current offer is 40k for 2k spend during first 3 months + 25k bonus for 10k spend in first 6 months. So $1667/mo for the first 6 months gets you 65k miles.", "Hi, anyone know if you get a free bag on a Lufthansa codeshare flight booked on United.com?", "The T&amp;Cs literally say: Eligible Cardmembers will receive their applicable standard checked bag free on flights operated by United or United Express; codeshare flights are not eligible. Check out this thread for more info: Mileage Plus Branded Credit Card and Checked Baggage Fees", "Bueno, merci.", "Quote: Any other recent experiences to share? My birthday is about 10 days before the annual fee is due (it's been billed, and closing date is bday+10).  If I apply for GE should I expect to see the reimbursement before I close my account (I assume they won't reimburse once account is closed)? If I won't get reimbursement I'll open another card and then apply later . . . I have 364 days.", "charged GE fee on 12/22 credit already there on 12/26   drewguy and TravelinSperry like this.", "What if my first flight is on United but my connection is on Air Canada?", "It will still be free, as soon as your ticket show it is free.", "thanks!", "The question is whether you check in with a United counter or not. At the United counter, the bag fee is waived. At the counter of any other airline, it is not. For a UA-AC connection you'd check in at UA, obviously, so you're covered.   greg0ire likes this.", "GE reimbursement for family member    Has anyone tried reimbursing GE fees for family member instead of primary card holder (two scenarios out there - family member as additional card user and family member with not an additional card holder) ... wondering if they just reimburse based on transaction", "Yes, for a family member who is not an authorized user. The credit was based on the transaction, not the applicant.   IndyHoosier likes this.", "Hi all, I have the Chase United Explorer MileagePlus CC which is up for renewal end of the month. I am not keen on paying for the annual fee as I do not use the card. I was thinking of either downgrading or cancelling the card all together. What I do use the card for is booking rewards flights - when I'm booking a United rewards flights, and I sign in, there sometimes is a foot note that says \" Exclusively available to you as a MileagePlus Chase Cardmember\" Are there any cards I could switch to that offers additional award search results or is it only the MileagePlus CC? Thanks", "All 3 of Chase's United-branded CCs, AFAIK, as well as cards no longer being offered like the Select.", "But not the legacy no-fee card, I assume.", "14", "54", "58", "59", "60", "61", "62", "63", "65"], "Bonus rules for the SW Business Premier Card ?": ["I assume you mean 12/6/19.  If that is the correct date there's no need to wait.  I'd also suggest you look at the wikipost at the top of the page for more good info.", "Oops yeah I meant 12-6-19.  Application date was stuck in my head when typing that.  I read the wiki and other bloggers who mentioned that it might be \"safer\" to apply the next month?", "I'm surprised you even asked the question considering that \"next month\" is &lt; 4 days away.", "Would like some advice on the next best cards to open next. Already have a CSP, and am likely at 4 or 5/24 (how can I tell for sure). I do have a real business with an EIN number if that helps.  P2 has a CS (downgraded CSP) and IHG, but is likely only at 2 or 3/24.  Thanks in advance.", "Look at your current credit report and count the credit cards (both currently open and since closed) that were opened in the last 24 months. It's the only reliably accurate method.", "Thats what I thought but was hoping I could see it in one of the free services like CK or even the credit card programs.", "The data is available on Credit Karma. Click on Dashboard and then click on TU or EQ. Scroll down and you'll see \"Credit Report\"  The opening date is found after clicking on each card.", "Thank you.  Very Helpful! So it looks like I'm 4/24 and my wife is 1/24.  So CIP for both of us? (Can we each open an biz card?) That would put me at 5/24, so what's next for my wife?", "Obtaining a Chase business card does not add to the numerator of your x/24 count. If you are at 4/24 and are subsequently approved for a CIP, you would remain at 4/24.", "Those are fine, just make sure it's a current (recent) report.", "Thats good to hear. So what\u0092s the best order to apply? CIP, CIC, UMP?", "Get CIP first; after approval, refer CIP to spouse.   If you feel adventurous, in about 3 months, have spouse refer you for another CIP (this time, apply with EIN).  I can't guarantee how Chase will feel about this but there have been many (past) data points of folks getting multiple CIPs.", "What should he apply with the first time if not  using an  EIN?", "SS# Quote: Why the 3 month wait? Also, should I look into the United Explorer or MileagePlus cards? Planing on converting UR to United likely anyway.", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: Applying for Chase Credit Cards", "102", "152", "192", "196", "197", "198", "199", "200", "201"], "Chase SW Premiere Pending": ["I assume you mean 12/6/19.  If that is the correct date there's no need to wait.  I'd also suggest you look at the wikipost at the top of the page for more good info.", "Oops yeah I meant 12-6-19.  Application date was stuck in my head when typing that.  I read the wiki and other bloggers who mentioned that it might be \"safer\" to apply the next month?", "I'm surprised you even asked the question considering that \"next month\" is &lt; 4 days away.", "Would like some advice on the next best cards to open next. Already have a CSP, and am likely at 4 or 5/24 (how can I tell for sure). I do have a real business with an EIN number if that helps.  P2 has a CS (downgraded CSP) and IHG, but is likely only at 2 or 3/24.  Thanks in advance.", "Look at your current credit report and count the credit cards (both currently open and since closed) that were opened in the last 24 months. It's the only reliably accurate method.", "Thats what I thought but was hoping I could see it in one of the free services like CK or even the credit card programs.", "The data is available on Credit Karma. Click on Dashboard and then click on TU or EQ. Scroll down and you'll see \"Credit Report\"  The opening date is found after clicking on each card.", "Thank you.  Very Helpful! So it looks like I'm 4/24 and my wife is 1/24.  So CIP for both of us? (Can we each open an biz card?) That would put me at 5/24, so what's next for my wife?", "Obtaining a Chase business card does not add to the numerator of your x/24 count. If you are at 4/24 and are subsequently approved for a CIP, you would remain at 4/24.", "Those are fine, just make sure it's a current (recent) report.", "Thats good to hear. So what\u0092s the best order to apply? CIP, CIC, UMP?", "Get CIP first; after approval, refer CIP to spouse.   If you feel adventurous, in about 3 months, have spouse refer you for another CIP (this time, apply with EIN).  I can't guarantee how Chase will feel about this but there have been many (past) data points of folks getting multiple CIPs.", "What should he apply with the first time if not  using an  EIN?", "SS# Quote: Why the 3 month wait? Also, should I look into the United Explorer or MileagePlus cards? Planing on converting UR to United likely anyway.", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: Applying for Chase Credit Cards", "102", "152", "192", "196", "197", "198", "199", "200", "201"], "Second Chase Marriot Bonus Missing for": ["Similar facts    so I had the Marriott PR personal, added the business version the day before it was ended for new applications, then added the Amex BonVoy Business the day before the AF was raised... like March of 2019. I had no problems applying or receiving the card, but it was the only time I got the no bonus pop up. I realize that you are coming the other way here but I hope this helps. Btw, even with having both Amex and chase Marriott cards, I was still able to PC my Marriott PR personal to a Ritz card, last month Quote:", "Yeah, I want to get a Marriott personal card from Chase.  Dont have AMEX SPG personal for many years but the business card which I want to keep.  The language on Chase application is not at all clear to me whether I would get the 100K sign up bonus on the personal card.  No.2 seems to say only apply to those who have received the bonus within past 24 months, but not necessarily having the AMEX BonVoy business card.  I hope this is what it meant as there is unreasonable to prevent applicant to get a sign up bonus just because owning the AMEX business card which the sign up bonus was received much much longer than 24 months ago. Eligibility for the new cardmember bonus: The bonus is not available to you if you: (1)  are a current cardmember, or were a previous cardmember within the last 30 days, of Marriott Bonvoy\u0099 American Express\u00ae Card (also known as The Starwood Preferred Guest\u00ae Credit Card from American Express); (2)  are a current or previous cardmember of either Marriott Bonvoy Business\u0099 American Express\u00ae Card (also known as The Starwood Preferred Guest\u00ae Business Credit Card from American Express) or Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant\u0099 American Express\u00ae Card (also known as the Starwood Preferred Guest\u00ae American Express Luxury Card), and received a new cardmember bonus or upgrade bonus in the last 24 months; or (3)  applied and were approved for Marriott Bonvoy Business\u0099 American Express\u00ae Card (also known as The Starwood Preferred Guest\u00ae Business Credit Card from American Express) or Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant\u0099 American Express\u00ae Card (also known as the Starwood Preferred Guest\u00ae American Express Luxury Card) within the last 90 days.", "3", "43", "47", "48", "49", "50", "51", "52", "I am interested in obtaining the Chase Marriott Bonvoy VISA credit card under the current 100,000 Bonus Point offer.  I previously had a Chase Marriott Rewards Premier credit card for which I received intro bonus points more than 24 months ago, upgraded to the Chase Premier Plus card and received some upgrade points in August 2018, and closed that account in January 2019.   The question is whether receiving the bonus points for the 2018 upgrade precludes me from earning the current 100,000 new cardmember bonus points offer.  The new cardmember bonus point offer states that it not available to previous Chase Marriott cardmembers \u201cwho received a new cardmember bonus within the last 24 months.\u201d  It also states that is not available to those who have or had an AmEx Bonvoy card and received \"a new cardmember bonus or upgrade bonus in the past 24 months.\"  This would seem to imply that receiving merely upgrade bonus points on a Chase card (as opposed to an AmEx Card) would not preclude me from the new offer. Does anyone have experience in receiving the new cardmember bonus points from Chase who received an upgrade (as opposed to new cardmember) bonus from Chase in the past 24 months?", "There should be a chart around here that shows if your eligible...Maybe someone can link to it.", "https://thepointsguy.com/guide/eligi...-bonvoy-cards/ https://frequentmiler.boardingarea.c...e/#creditcards levilevi likes this.", "Thanks MIA!", "Thanks for posting those links. The language there is basically the same as the language I quoted from the Chase and AmEx offer pages - Chase refers to receiving a new welcome card bonus with 24 months and AmEx refers to receiving either a new welcome card or upgrade bonus with 24 months. My question is whether this distinction is actually honored - so does anyone have experience in receiving the new cardmember bonus points from Chase who received only an upgrade bonus from Chase in the past 24 months? I asked Chase directly in a secure message whether I eligible for 100,000 Bonus Points, and the response confirmed that the \"upgrade bonus was not the same as the new account bonus offer you received when you account was opened\" but that \"conditions vary per product and customers may check with Marriott Rewards directly if questions about their premium eligibility.\"", "If you have an old Marriott card at end of 1st year and planning to cancel, is it worth the upgrade to Premier for 15 nights after $3k spend? And then cancel while in the AF refund period. Since both are considered the same product I take it there's no harm?", "There is no stated waiting period but Chase is slow to show your closed account as closed for at least 30-35 days (it will show on their application system as open for 30-35 days and there is no way of telling how many days to wait before applying for a new card of the same type).", "Does the annual 15 night credit also count towards your lifetime status bank of nights?", "Yes, the 15 nights from the credit card count toward lifetime elite status.", "That's great!  Thank you.", "I'm trying to figure out what (if any) sign up bonus I'm eligible for. I held the SPG Personal and Business and received bonuses for those. I canceled the Personal before the merger and kept the Business, which was converted to a Marriott Bonvoy Business. From what I can gather, I am not eligible for any Amex Marriott bonus ever under the current rules. Is this correct? I have also had the pre Bonvoy Chase Marriott personal (and received bonus 4/2017) but canceled it about a year ago. I think I am eligible for this one as long as the bonus was &gt;24 months ago. Is that correct? Or is Chase counting my Amex SPG Personal the same way Amex does?", "This would be better asked in the American Express forum.  Holding the SPG Business card does disqualify you from earning a bonus for the Marriott Business card. In principle this is a lifetime restriction, but in practice it will end \"about\" 7 years after you close the Amex Marriott Business card. Holding the $95 SPG personal card does not disqualify you from earning a bonus for the $450 Amex Bonvoy Brilliant card -but- Marriott also looks at the Chase card history: Quote: https://www.americanexpress.com/us/c...0/#offer-terms", "One of my readers found an offer for the Marriott Bonvoy Boundless Visa card with a $250 credit and the $95 annual fee waived the first year. Landing page. Compare to the 75K points offer with the annual fee not waived. The reader said that he was just making a reservation on the Ritz site and received a link offer right under the room rate. You might try to find it there before using my link.", "With the complicated rules between AMEX and Chase regarding the ownership of which card would prevent owning which card, I am quite confused. Can somebody confirm this is true, that owning an AMEX Business BonVoy card also precludes you from getting a Chase personal BonVoy card, even if your AMEX card has earned sign up bonus 5 years ago? Would you need to have no AMEX Business BonVoy card for at least 90 days before you can attempt for a Chase Personal BonVoy card? I just dont see the logic to make people can only own either a Chase personal card or an AMEX business card, that are opened to new applicants. mia,  can you help to clarify the conditions of eligibility of getting a new Chase personal BonVoy card bonus, if one meets the 5/24, but also owns an AMEX business BonVoy for many years?  Much thanks.", "In the Wiki I added links to the new  50K and 100K offers for the Marriott credit cards.   mia likes this.", "2", "42", "46", "47", "48", "49", "50", "51", "53"], "United \"MileagePlus Card\"... NOT Explorer... Info?": ["Crap the only Chase Marriott I have is the business one. My personal Marriott cards are AX. I bet they will not convert a business to Ritz would they?", "You could apply for a personal Marriott card issued by Chase, and aim to convert it after a year.", "In addition to the above, you need to make sure you have at least 10k credit limit on the card as the ritz card is an infinite card.", "Moderator action    Discussion continues here: https://www.flyertalk.com/forum/chas...ep-cancel.html", "29", "69", "73", "74", "75", "76", "77", "78", "I would do it, providing that you're not engaging in other behaviors that might set off alarms.", "Yes, but instead of agreeing to a credit pull, TheRoadIsLife could ask to transfer CL from another Chase card (assuming he has one and it has a sufficient CL). Diplomatico likes this.", "CSR - No Downgrade to CSP    In the chase secure message center, I requested to downgrade CSR to CSP to save on AF since I have a spouse with a AU CSR card at LOL/24 (for primary car rental insurance). They said it wasn\u0092t an option to downgrade from CSR TO CSP but only the only available downgrade was to Freedom, which I already have.  Is this correct?", "There is no policy that prevents downgrading a Sapphire Reserve (open for at least a year) to Sapphire Preferred, but there could be something your specific account history. You should try by telephone.   mehudson likes this.", "I have 3 Chase cards, the Freedom card since 12/2013, CSP since 1/2014 and Ritz since 3/2014. I want to get the CSR and cancel my CSP and Ritz. Any idea what would be the best way to go about this? I am thinking of downgrading the CSP to Freedom Unlimited, then applying for CSR as a new card. Once approved I can transfer CSP and Ritz CL to the new card and close them. Is that the best way or is it better to PC? Also, how long do I have to wait to apply for the CSR card once I downgrade my Preferred to a Freedom?", "Hey everyone apologies if this has been talked about already I tried to search for this question but couldn\u0092t find an answer.  I\u0092m moving to a city whose airport no longer has Centurion Lounge (have Amex Plat) but several PP Restaurants. I applied for the Preferred a year ago but I didn\u0092t know about the 48M rule. If I upgrade my Preferred to Reserve, can I then downgrade my reserve later to freedom and apply for reserve in a few years for SUB?", "Yes, but bear in mind that Chase's rules may change, and it will be the rules in effect at the time which matter.", "This is fine, except I see no reason why you should close the Freedom Unlimited after the fact. Quote: One week.", "Where to transfer chase rewards    Hi, I have about 130k chase rewards on a card that is due for annual fee renewal. I do not use the card much so am wondering if it makes sense to close the card and transfer the miles. Is there a way to maintain the chase reward without closing off the card? thanks", "What is the full name of the card you intend to close? What other Chase cards do you hold today?   RNE likes this.", "Hi, Its the Chase Business card. I had the Sapphire over a year ago but I already closed that. thanks", "Which one?  INK Preferred, INK Cash, INK Unlimited or one of the discontinued INK cards? Of those three only INK Preferred can transfer to one of the airline or hotel partners.  If you have INK Preferred you can downgrade, rather than close, and this would preserve the points, but not the ability to transfer.", "Its Business Prefered. Not sure if it makes sense to close it down.", "All Chase Freedom/Sapphire/Ink branded cards use the same UR pts system -- you can move pts around b/w your cards as you like (you can move them to a household member as well) Move the pts from your CIP to another UR pts card that you have or you can downgrade the CIP to CIC/CIU (no annual fee) to keep the pts", "As far as we know, only Marriott co-branded cards can be converted to the discontinued Ritz card.", "28", "68", "72", "73", "74", "75", "76", "77", "79"], "Amex Platinum Ameriprise": ["For those who are canceling the card after one year, is it better to cancel before or after the annual fee hits?", "usually you need to actually apply for a card to get a bonus (but you can always ask). Have you received a sign up bonus on a personal platinum amex card in the past?", "Since my fee hit in January (this month) I waited for that so I could get the benefit of the 2020 $200 airline credit, the saks credit and the Uber month credit. Then I called to either cancel or see if there was a retention offer. I was offered 20K points or $200 for a $3K spend and accepted it (the jury in my head is still unsure of whether that was wise or not, but c'est la vie). (I wrote about this on my blog last week)", "Quote: I believe mr_rogers is asking if holding a card by virtue of conversion disqualifies a bonus if applying for that same card in the future. A strict reading of the terms would disqualify a bonus, because you would have \"had\" the card. In practice, American Express' system seems to have trouble tracking product changes for new account bonus purposes, and the system might not show that you had a personal Platinum.   mr_rogers and alvinroast like this.", "Yes that is what I was asking. I am assuming it is too late now to cancel the Ameriprise since the product change had already happened to make things a little more straightforward", "If you apply for a personal Platinum card a \"popup\" should be displayed if you are deemed ineligible for a bonus.", "With AMEX, I generally wait until after the annual fee posts if I'm going to cancel.  (That's also when I would call to inquire about retention offers.)   By doing so, I know that I've held the card for the entire one year that AMEX specifies, which avoids any \"gaming the system\" assumptions by the AMEX rule set.   margarita girl likes this.", "Are you able to collect the airline benefit without fear of clawback? Amex Canada claws back the airline rebate if card is cancelled after the annual fee hits, but they don\u0092t seem to catch it if you cancel before.   Diplomatico likes this.", "I've neither had that happen to me nor have I heard of that happening to others; I kept the card for a year and cancelled after the annual fee hit.  P2 did the same with no repercussions.   I have heard of AMEX customer service reps threatening that the airline benefit would be clawed back but that individual was performing the \"triple dip\" and then canceling immediately after the third leg of that action.   margarita girl likes this.", "Anyone else confirm that their ameriprise card has been product changed to the regular plat? My AF hasn't hit yet but if it was product changed I may downgrade to the green card which won't be an option if it has not product changed.", "An additional data point on my apparent product change: my anniversary date for this card is in March, so it appears that my card was PCd ahead of the AF hitting.", "26", "66", "70", "71", "72", "73", "74", "75", "I understand the point that mikesyr18 is making, but I do not understand why it is being made now. The fee waiver offer ended in February.", "Right, but when you keep the card for 12 months, cancel it, have the AF refunded, and then sign up for another Ameriprise Platinum... You get the $200 airline reimbursement, Uber credits, Global Entry/TSA Precheck, 5x on flights, Centurion Lounges, etc., basically free each year.", "Even that hasn\u0092t been available to anyone who opened an Ameriprise Amex account since sometime in the first few months of 2018, so the comment about this coming in the last quarter of 2019 seems untimely at the very least. And even for those Ameriprise Amex accounts applied before that time in early 2018, the Ameriprise Amex initial year fee waiver mostly came at the expense of getting a boat load of MR points as a \u0093sign up\u0094 bonus. Did the Ameriprise Amex relationship get killed off by Amex because of initial year fee waivers on the card accounts being used by account holders as suggested in the quote above? I would say no, but at this point none of this matters except as part of history. Part of that history is that it hasn\u0092t been possible to do that (which is suggest in the above quote) for well over a year, for the initial fee waiver was killed off in the first quarter of 2019 and thus doing that (which is suggested in the above quote) wouldn\u0092t be available to any who opened Ameriprise Amex accounts after the first few months of 2018. The Amex Ameriprise card accounts\u0092 statements and online wallet cards still show the Ameriprise name in places, but it\u0092s to be seen when replacement cards for such standing accounts will no longer do so.", "Mike\u0092s right.  This was hands down THE best ongoing CC offer for years.  Our Churn Team milked this over and over again!  10 of us reaping the Plat benefits and credits for years\u0097and actually getting paid to do it!  Sigh.   Now we\u0092ve moved on to second best\u0097the Canadian Amex Biz Plat deal.   Robl likes this.", "The waived annual fee version of the Ameriprise Amex Platinum card was discontinued in February, 2019.", "That\u0092s not news to me and that non-news informed that comment: Quote: But perhaps some were cancelling accounts before a year was over and then opening a new account? Can\u0092t be too many of those either.", "Was there an Ameriprise Amex card offered in Canada to Canadian persons with no US residential nexus?", "That was literally my entire point.", "Between July 1st of 2018 and September 30, 2019, how many people actually opened Ameriprise Amex accounts more than once for themselves during this period and got two or more first year fee waivers on this card type during this period? I\u0092m guessing that it\u0092s a number that was approaching zero and was insignificant in the scheme of things for Amex.", "Ameriprise Platnium card    I know the card has been discontinued. I still have mine open. What options do I have when the annual fee hits? Is it going to get changed over to the regular plat? Am I not able to downgrade at all and the only option is to cancel if I don't want it?", "Downgrading a Platinum charge card is typically not attractive because you would miss the bonus for the Gold or Green cards,", "Apparently this discontinued card also got the new trip delay/cancellation/interruption insurance benefit \u2014 the same as for the regular US Amex Platinum \u2014 and got it as of the start of this year.   Just discovered this when looking up the benefit for other cards too.", "I just noticed that on the Amex app on my iPhone, my Ameriprise Amex Plat now doesn't say Ameriprise anymore. It used to. I guess this means these cards will transition to the regular Plat?", "That's what I'd expect. It's what happened with the Mercedes Benz Plat in January 2019.", "If I get downgraded to the regular platinum will I still be eligible for the regular platinum's signup bonus?", "25", "65", "69", "70", "71", "72", "73", "74", "76"], "Citi Sears Mastercard": ["Today I received a healthy 50k points from this card in bonuses, this is for the last 2 months. I expect to receive another  32k in bonuses next month.", "grrrr.  I'm still waiting on some October bonuses.", "Same. I got my 40k points and two Gas, Restaurants, and Grocery promos but not the 10% any category bonus.", "5", "6", "7", "8", "9", "10", "it is interesting that the DP of successful conversion (user request) have become more and more scarce, while at the same time others were receiving bonus offer to convert their syw-&gt;typ version! is it true that the TYP earned from this sears syw-&gt;typ card expires after 2 years? (or some period less than that)", "It's 3+ years (expires at the end of 2022 now), but bonuses don't expire.   gnomey likes this.", "Is there any channel available to get this card anymore? I see shop your way card available but don't think thats the same thing.", "What are everyone's thoughts on converting an AT&amp;T Access to the Sears TYP? Is it possible, and should I do it? I believe the Access is no longer available to PC to, but not sure I should even care. I only needed a fee-free card to park my TYP from my Preferred.", "Access or Access More?", "I had put the \"Shop your Way\" card in my the sock drawer bc my restaurants, grocery and gas deal ended Dec 31. I just got another offer today. Too bad I already put about $100 on other cards already but I immediately put the card back in my wallet. ACTIVATE TO EARN 20% IN STATEMENT CREDITS2 ON ALL ELIGIBLE PURCHASES AT: For total eligible purchases of $500 or more made each month 1/1/2020 - 3/31/2020 up to a total statement credit of $150 each month On another note, I'm still waiting for my statement credits. I only had one process so far but I saved screenshots of offer and confirmation of registration just in case.   akr1970akr likes this.", "Access. I couldn't get enough value out of a PC to Access more when I changed, so I went with the free card.", "It's not possible. You can only convert from Sears SYWR version.", "I've got similar offer: get 20x TYP up to 20k each month for 3 months at grocery, gas station and restaurants. The same offer was running 3 previous months.", "Geez! I would love this offer!!  My latest is 10x on travel $300+ and 18 months 0% on all purchases through Jan 31. i just bought a new house and paid my front landscapers $12k with this card!", "Same here. I thought I will sock drawer it after the end of year deals, and then I got an offer for 20% up to $200 per month, and it remains in my wallet - that is a cool $600 for the quarter! They keep pulling me back in.", "ive sock-drawered this card for 15 years until they started with all of these amazing spend offers last year!", "Citi mgmt discussed Sears card this morning on their earnings call.  They continue to state the card is very profitable.  Quotes from the transcript ============ Q - Glenn Schorr  Good morning. So I'm curious Branded Cards is doing well, up 10% but when you look at Retail Services, only up 1%. I'm curious if you could talk about the compare and contrast of what's driving one to have better growth? I don't know if there were any partnership repricing so loss partners along the way? Thanks.  A - Mark Mason  Sure. So on the Branded Card side, you've heard us say through the course of the year, we've continued to see good good traction with our clients there. We've seen purchase sales up 7% and you've seen continued growth in loans and on the Branded side. So 1% growth in quarter one, 2% growth in quarter two, 3% growth in quarter three, 4% in quarter four. So good momentum there, a good pace of increase in the average interest earning balances and so -- so that has been a big part and contributor to that 10% growth that you -- that you referenced and in sizable growth for the full year as well. On a Retail Services side, as you know, there are multiple portfolios that make up Retail Services and we've seen good momentum in a good number of those portfolios, but within that obviously is Sears, which is a partner of ours and that the results that we have do reflect the impact from Sears. That said, we've delivered on the 1%. We've talked about as guidance for the revenue growth for the quarter and I think it's 2% for the full year. We would expect to see continued pressure from the Sears portion of the portfolio, particularly on the purchase, sales and that said, it is still a very profitable portfolio for us. We are still very engaged with the customers there and some 80% of the spend is outside of those stores and so profitable good returning, but some pressure given everything going on with that partner.  Q - Glenn Schorr in particular the store closures?  A - Mark Mason  Yes. And very important partner, but lot going on there.", "I read this to mean that the Retail Services portfolio is profitable, even though the Sears portion is not.", "I seem to remember that when they bought the rights to keep the Sears portfolio (for 250mm or so) that they disclosed - at the time - that it was a pretty good one on a standalone basis. The card holders were carrying balances at unusually high rates.  Of course there was also some disclosure of potential losses in a recession - which they estimated at 13% of balances. That number is way higher than their typical card holder.  They also felt they had to do some education with the customers regarding that even if Sears closed or went bankrupt their accounts still had to pay off the cards.   Anyways all those accounts paying 27% on revolving balances are whats funding the recent bounty.", "4", "5", "6", "7", "8", "9", "11"], "Hyatt CC signup bonus question": ["Quote: Further following up: As of today (01/24/2020), my WoH account (and the app) now show that I've been granted/given/credited with my Category 1-4 Standard Award night that expires January 23, 2021. And both still show my Discoverist status good through February 28, 2021. My billing cycle closes February 4. So I now have a decision to make. And, if I do decide to cancel the Hyatt Rewards Visa before I pay the annual fee, I'll follow up again with what happens next/after. David", "201", "251", "291", "295", "296", "297", "298", "299", "300", "Not only that, but you'll have 2 of the lounge certs in hand already on hitting 20 nights. Short answer for OP: 50k spending on the old hyatt card will get you explorist and most likely 0 lounge certs. Best advice would be to switch to the new WoH card.", "Can someone with old Hyatt Visa card verify this? If I don't get 4 certs and 1 free night, it's not worth putting 50K on this card.", "The wiki accurately describes the benefits of this card. You get a Cat 1-4 free night award on your card anniversary and that's it. You don't get anything - night credits, milestones, etc - toward the WoH program. You need the new card for that.", "As a long time holder of the Hyatt Rewards Visa Card, I'm finally looking at cancelling the card and, after a suitable period, applying for the WoH Card with its benefits and (hopefully) suitable signing award after minimum spend point bonus. Since I expect that the $75 annual fee will be billed on February 01, 2020 and the January 2020 statement cycle will close on February 04, 2020 (and sometime in this period my WoH account will be credited with the annual Category 1-4 free award night), 1. If I cancel the card after the billing cycle closes and don't pay the annual fee, will the Category 1-4 free award night certificate be pulled back? 2. If I don't pay the annual fee, how long will my current Discoverist status through the credit card last? Any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks! David", "I dont think they clawback the cert but don't hold me to that. I closed my hyatt card a few months ago and just recently reapplied to get the new version. What I can tell you is right before I reapplied in the last two weeks my account was still saying my discoverist status is good until February. Now would that be the case if I closed the card back in March? I'm not so sure, but I do know that the status stays there for awhile at least and the website was telling me it would continue to stay there. You know what thinking back on it I think I used my cert right before I closed the card. I was actually travelling right before the AF was due so I remember using the cert and then closing the card when I got home.", "I had the old Hyatt Visa card back in 2018.  How long do I need to wait to apply for this card and qualify for the promotion?  Thanks in advance for any feedback.", "If you're worried about losing Discoverist, one option is to match your status to MGM Pearl. If your Hyatt status drops (I don't think it will), you can match back to Discoverist.   Brendan likes this.", "I have never known Chase to revoke a free night cert once it has been issued. DELee's situation used to be normal but is unusual nowadays, because Chase now likes to wait until the AF has been irrevocably paid before issuing the cert.  From 2011--18 or so Chase used to routinely issue cert.s BEFORE billing the AF. Back then I cancelled several cards, kept the cert.s &amp; avoided the new AFs  ! Indeed, I viewed the cert.s (rightly or wrongly) as my \"thank you\" for having had the card in the year just ending  .", "The Chase  Hyatt Visa website states that upon  $50K of spend (this is for the original Hyatt CC, not the newer WoH card), the customer gets 4 Club Lounge Access certs in addition to Explorist status.   Attached Images", "You're right about getting Exp status after 50K spend on the card. However, the Club Lounge Access awards are now Milestone Rewards and are separate from status. One would start getting the Club Lounge Access awards if at least $7K was base-point earning spend at Hyatt (or by staying 20 nights). Here's a link to the current status page for the Hyatt Visa ... https://www.chase.com/personal/credi.../earn-maintain", "The Chase link which you provided differs from the one I obtained from Chase yesterday. The screenshot which I provided was accessed after login. I don't believe that information can be accessed unless one has already signed in. The links are different.  I would tend to believe the link to the page which you provided is more accurate, as it appears to be newer. Honestly, I don't know which is correct (about the 4 club access certs), as I don't spend $50K on the card each year.  It is conceivable that qualifying for Explorist would allow one to also get club certs because a qualification threshold was met. The old card doesn't really deal with milestones except for spending amount. Shame on Chase for providing inconsistent information. Perhaps someone who has recently qualified for Explorist via $50K in Hyatt card spend can better comment on club certs.", "Many thanks to all who followed up and replied to my post. As of today (01/15/2020), my WoH account and app show that my Discoverist status is now valid through February 28, 2021. So, my concern #2 as to how long my credit card Discoverist status will/would last is answered - even though I've yet to be billed the annual fee and I stayed all of 7 nights at Hyatt and Hyatt-affiliated properties in 2019 (so I didn't earn my status that way). David", "It depends which card you\u0092re referring to, if you\u0092re referring the Hyatt Credit Card spending 50k or even $1,000,000 will not net you any Status or Club Access Awards. If you\u0092re referring to the World of Hyatt Credit Card then you only have to spend 40k between 1/1 and 12/31 to start earning Club Access Awards. You could also stay 1 night and spend 38k and you\u0092d get your first (2) Club Access Awards. The more nights you spend at Hyatt the less money needs to be spent on the card to earn Milestone Awards.", "If you bothered to look at the title of the thread, the wiki, or any of the previous posts, you'd see this thread is for the Chase Hyatt card and not the Chase WoH card, which has it's own thread. As noted about 4 posts previous to yours, spending $50K on Chase Hyatt card will in fact get Exp status.", "Can I ask this then -  If you\u0092re planning on 50k spend why wouldn\u0092t you upgrade to the WOH card? (Especially with like a 5k Points upgrade offer). You pay an additional $46 in your AF But in return you get - 1 Additional Free Night with 15k Spend Spend Counts towards increased status, including Globalist, even the 50k Explorist spend. Just to name two big benefits.", "200", "250", "290", "294", "295", "296", "297", "298", "299", "301", "I don't think the free night certificates are transferable so not sure even if you wanted to gift it to someone else whether it's possible.", "No they are. I tried to do it yesterday and gift it to somebody else, and it was going through about to be confirmed, when it didn\u0092t go through and I found out the stay had to be completed by August 23rd. This was also through a supervisor, and she knew it was being gifted to someone else. So if anyone is interested in a trade I\u0092m happy to do it. I have references of people in the community who can vouch for my good name.", "Offers to trade coupons/nights are not allowed anywhere apart from Coupon Connection. Markie - Co-Mod, Hyatt", "I'm not sure if this is a generally applicable offer, but it worked for me despite not getting an e-mail.  I saw it on a blog but it doesn't seem too many others have picked up on it.  It's basically 5x up to 10,000 points on utilities and other stuff. I was working toward the spend for the free night cert anyway and so this is a nice little double dip on some of that spend. Sorry if this has been posted before. https://www.chase.com/mybonus/hyatt31 khlay and CodeAdam10 like this.", "I got this: Quote:", "Same here.", "Sorry.  I guess it is not generally available but maybe it might be helpful for some people.", "Has anyone been able to get a contactless version of the legacy Hyatt card? All of the Chase Visa cards should be eligible, but given their desire to get us out of these cards, I can imagine they might decline.  I sent an email to them, but I have not heard back yet.", "I still have old hyatt visa. if i spent $50k on it and earn explorist status with zero actual stay, do i still get 4 club access certificate?", "Hyatt no longer gives club access awards for Explorist.", "That's correct. To be more clear, all the former status awards (upgrade certs, nights, club lounge certs) are now milestone awards. So you get them anyway if you achieve the status through spend or nights (because you will hit the milestones), but not just for having comped / promotional status. On the good side, some of them are a little easier to get (eg you get 2 TSU at 50 nights and 2 at 60, instead of all 4 when you get globalist at 60 nights) and they added a 5k pts millstone award at 40 nights.", "So, even if i achieve the explorist via Chase $50k spending alone without any stay, I am still counted as if I have passed through the \"milestones\"? And they'll issue me 4 lounge certs and 1 additional free night when my status is updated from discoverist to explorist?  When i look at the milestone list, it only lists the number of nights and base points, and doesn't list the credit card spend, so I was a little confused if credit card spend alone counts for those \"milestones\"....", "I don't know the details of this card but I doubt it.  If you don't get nights or base pts I don't see how you can get the milestones.  These things used to be given as part of status (when I got comped globalist a few years ago I got the free 1-7 night and the TSUs) but not any more -- now you have to hit the milestones. The other Chase card (WoH) gives qual nights for spend so you get the milestones.", "nevermind, did not realize this isn't the WOH card...", "Then it's worth pointing out that $50k of spend will get you 20 qual nights (2 per $5000).  Add 5 nights for having the card and you are at 25.  That's 5 short of explorist.", "199", "249", "289", "293", "294", "295", "296", "297", "298", "300", "301"], "Fee waivers ended for Citigold customers": ["I was successfully reimbursed for both Amazon Prime and Costco Executive membership. I think I may try ordering Costco cash cards online and see if it will count as well. The only thing I don't understand is why the hell Amazon is charging tax for Prime, while Costco is charging nothing on their membership?", "Sounds as if that's what was negotiated in some states based on the services bundled in the membership. Quote: Amazon  Amazon", "Costco is really a membership. But Amazon Prime is not. At the minimum, Amazon Prime can be considered as a video subscription service like Netflix (Netflix is taxed).", "Netflix is not taxed in CA, since it's a service.", "Nexflix is not limited to streaming, but DVD as well...", "I received a renewal. Still $350.", "I'm shocked and amazed that something isn't taxed in California.", "Yes, sounds surprising, but groceries and services are not taxed Quote: But you're not buying DVDs, you're renting them. Not taxed.", "If you sign up for a new CitiGold account, how long do they give you to bring your combined balances up to $200,000?", "They give you 4 months.   Sandeep1 likes this.", "True to form, HSBC (USA) has notified us that effective late January 2020 the interest rate on our saving will be 0.15% (less, if we reduce the balance).", "4 months is pretty generous.  Was expecting 2.", "7", "47", "51", "52", "53", "54", "55", "56"], "Does having Citigold status increase your odds of getting a Citibank CC?": ["I was successfully reimbursed for both Amazon Prime and Costco Executive membership. I think I may try ordering Costco cash cards online and see if it will count as well. The only thing I don't understand is why the hell Amazon is charging tax for Prime, while Costco is charging nothing on their membership?", "Sounds as if that's what was negotiated in some states based on the services bundled in the membership. Quote: Amazon  Amazon", "Costco is really a membership. But Amazon Prime is not. At the minimum, Amazon Prime can be considered as a video subscription service like Netflix (Netflix is taxed).", "Netflix is not taxed in CA, since it's a service.", "Nexflix is not limited to streaming, but DVD as well...", "I received a renewal. Still $350.", "I'm shocked and amazed that something isn't taxed in California.", "Yes, sounds surprising, but groceries and services are not taxed Quote: But you're not buying DVDs, you're renting them. Not taxed.", "If you sign up for a new CitiGold account, how long do they give you to bring your combined balances up to $200,000?", "They give you 4 months.   Sandeep1 likes this.", "True to form, HSBC (USA) has notified us that effective late January 2020 the interest rate on our saving will be 0.15% (less, if we reduce the balance).", "4 months is pretty generous.  Was expecting 2.", "7", "47", "51", "52", "53", "54", "55", "56"], "[Citigold] and new Citi cards [fee waiver] questions": ["I was successfully reimbursed for both Amazon Prime and Costco Executive membership. I think I may try ordering Costco cash cards online and see if it will count as well. The only thing I don't understand is why the hell Amazon is charging tax for Prime, while Costco is charging nothing on their membership?", "Sounds as if that's what was negotiated in some states based on the services bundled in the membership. Quote: Amazon  Amazon", "Costco is really a membership. But Amazon Prime is not. At the minimum, Amazon Prime can be considered as a video subscription service like Netflix (Netflix is taxed).", "Netflix is not taxed in CA, since it's a service.", "Nexflix is not limited to streaming, but DVD as well...", "I received a renewal. Still $350.", "I'm shocked and amazed that something isn't taxed in California.", "Yes, sounds surprising, but groceries and services are not taxed Quote: But you're not buying DVDs, you're renting them. Not taxed.", "If you sign up for a new CitiGold account, how long do they give you to bring your combined balances up to $200,000?", "They give you 4 months.   Sandeep1 likes this.", "True to form, HSBC (USA) has notified us that effective late January 2020 the interest rate on our saving will be 0.15% (less, if we reduce the balance).", "4 months is pretty generous.  Was expecting 2.", "7", "47", "51", "52", "53", "54", "55", "56"]}